{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deftab1080
{\stylesheet{\s0\fs24\sa120 Normal;}{\s1\fs44\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 1;}{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 2;}{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 3;}{\s4\fs32\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 4;}{\s5\fs28\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 5;}{\s6\fs24\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 6;}}
{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from 2019 to 2019, no patents\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Publish or Perish 8.9.4538.8589 (extended report)\line
WinPosix (x64) edition, running on WinPosix 10.0.22631 (x64)}\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Search terms\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Publication name:} Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\line
{\b Years:} 2019 to 2019\line
{\b Other options:} include citations; exclude patents\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Data retrieval\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Data source:} Google Scholar\line
{\b Search date:} 2023-08-22 16:33:57 -00400\line
{\b Cache date:} 2023-08-22 21:47:00 -00400\line
{\b Search result:} [0] No error\line
\line
{\i {\b Important:} This data source provides only abbreviated data. Any ellipses (... marks) shown in this report originate with the data source; they are NOT caused by subsequent processing in Publish or Perish.}\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Metrics\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reference date:} 2023-08-22 21:47:00 -00400\line
{\b Publication years:} 2019-2019\line
{\b Citation years:} 4 (2019-2023)\line
{\b Papers:} 127\line
{\b Citations:} 6811\line
{\b Citations/year:} 1702.75 (acc1=114, acc2=106, acc5=92, acc10=60, acc20=22)\line
{\b Citations/paper:} 53.63\line
{\b Citations/author:} 2072.02\line
{\b Papers/author:} 43.78\line
{\b Authors/paper:} 3.34/3.0/4 (mean/median/mode)\line
{\b Age-weighted citation rate:} 1702.75 (sqrt=41.26), 518.00/author\line
{\b Hirsch h-index:} 50 (a=2.72, m=12.50, 5182 cites=76.1% coverage)\line
{\b Egghe g-index:} 79 (g/h=1.58, 6257 cites=91.9% coverage)\line
{\b PoP hI,norm:} 24\line
{\b PoP hI,annual:} 6.00\line
{\b Fassin hA-index:} 21\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Results\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A meta-analysis of procedures to change implicit measures.}\line
PS Forscher, CK Lai, JR Axt, CR Ebersole, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 716 (179.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-31306-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-31306-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Using a novel technique known as network meta-analysis, we synthesized evidence from 492 studies (87,418 participants) to investigate the effectiveness of procedures in changing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The moral standing of animals: Towards a psychology of speciesism.}\line
L Caviola, JAC Everett, NS Faber (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 320 (80.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-09974-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-09974-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We introduce and investigate the philosophical concept of 'speciesism'\u8212?the assignment of different moral worth based on species membership\u8212?as a psychological construct. In five \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Sixteen going on sixty-six: A longitudinal study of personality stability and change across 50 years.}\line
RI Damian, M Spengler, A Sutu, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 252 (63.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-39707-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-39707-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How much do people's personalities change or remain stable from high school to retirement? To address these questions, we used a large US sample (N= 1,795) that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Transactions between life events and personality traits across the adult lifespan.}\line
JJA Denissen, M Luhmann, JM Chung, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 198 (49.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/612/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/612/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Life events refer to status changes in important demographic variables, such as employment or marital status. Life events offer an interesting opportunity for studying transactions \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Depression, negative emotionality, and self-referential language: A multi-lab, multi-measure, and multi-language-task research synthesis.}\line
AM Tackman, DA Sbarra, AL Carey, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 176 (44.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-09035-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-09035-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Depressive symptomatology is manifested in greater first-person singular pronoun use (ie, I-talk), but when and for whom this effect is most apparent, and the extent to which it is specific \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b You have to follow through: Attaining behavioral change goals predicts volitional personality change.}\line
NW Hudson, DA Briley, WJ Chopik, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 127 (31.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53132-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53132-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Prior research has found that people's desires to change their personality traits predict corresponding subsequent trait growth over time. However, few studies have examined the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Broadening your horizons: Self-expanding activities promote desire and satisfaction in established romantic relationships.}\line
A Muise, C Harasymchuk, LC Day, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 118 (29.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/2/237/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/2/237/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In the early stages of romantic relationships, sexual desire is often intense, but over time, as partners get to know each other, desire tends to decline. Low sexual desire has negative \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality characteristics below facets: A replication and meta-analysis of cross-rater agreement, rank-order stability, heritability, and utility of personality nuances.}\line
R M\'f5ttus, J Sinick, A Terracciano, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 127 (31.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35082-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35082-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i M\'f5ttus and colleagues (2017) reported evidence that the unique variance in specific personality characteristics captured by single descriptive items often displayed trait-like \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Understanding the process of moralization: How eating meat becomes a moral issue.}\line
M Feinberg, C Kovacheff, R Teper, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 118 (29.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12806-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12806-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A large literature demonstrates that moral convictions guide many of our thoughts, behaviors, and social interactions. Yet, we know little about how these moral convictions \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Facing one's implicit biases: From awareness to acknowledgment.}\line
A Hahn, B Gawronski (2019)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 112 (28.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53597-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53597-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Expanding on conflicting theoretical conceptualizations of implicit bias, 6 studies tested the effectiveness of different procedures to increase acknowledgment of harboring biases \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is self-regard a sociometer or a hierometer? Self-esteem tracks status and inclusion, narcissism tracks status.}\line
N Mahadevan, AP Gregg, ... (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 115 (28.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13650-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13650-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What adaptive function does self-regard serve? Sociometer theory predicts that it positively tracks social inclusion. A new theory, hierometer theory, predicts that it positively tracks \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?Same but different\u8221?: Associations between multiple aspects of self-regulation, cognition, and academic abilities.}\line
M Malanchini, LE Engelhardt, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 101 (25.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63405-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63405-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-regulation describes the ability to control both behaviors and internal states against a backdrop of conflicting or distracting situations, drives, or impulses. In the cognitive \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is overconfidence a social liability? The effect of verbal versus nonverbal expressions of confidence.}\line
ER Tenney, NL Meikle, D Hunsaker, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 93 (23.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/3/396/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/3/396/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 116 (3) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2019-08943-002). In the article \u8220?Is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-presentation in interracial settings: The competence downshift by White liberals.}\line
CH Dupree, ST Fiske (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 102 (25.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12064-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12064-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Most Whites, particularly sociopolitical liberals, now endorse racial equality. Archival and experimental research reveals a subtle but persistent ironic consequence: White liberals self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Happy fish in little ponds: Testing a reference group model of achievement and emotion.}\line
R Pekrun, K Murayama, HW Marsh, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 96 (24.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02884-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02884-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A theoretical model linking achievement and emotions is proposed. The model posits that individual achievement promotes positive achievement emotions and reduces negative \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Saying \u8220?thank you\u8221?: Partners' expressions of gratitude protect relationship satisfaction and commitment from the harmful effects of attachment insecurity.}\line
Y Park, EA Impett, G MacDonald, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 91 (22.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/773/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/773/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Five studies examined whether receiving gratitude expressions from a romantic partner can buffer insecurely attached individuals from experiencing low relationship satisfaction and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People systematically update moral judgments of blame.}\line
AE Monroe, BF Malle (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 88 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53136-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53136-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Six experiments examine people's updating of blame judgments and test predictions developed from a socially regulated blame perspective. According to this perspective, blame \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Creative expertise is associated with transcending the here and now.}\line
ML Meyer, HE Hershfield, AG Waytz, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 89 (22.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/483/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/483/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Human imagination is bounded. As situations become more distant in time, place, perspective, and likelihood, they also become more difficult to simulate. What underlies the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Longitudinal changes in attachment orientation over a 59-year period.}\line
WJ Chopik, RS Edelstein, KJ Grimm (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 94 (23.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/598/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/598/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on individual differences in attachment\u8212?and their links to emotion, cognition, and behavior in close relationships\u8212?has proliferated over the last several decades. However \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceiver and target characteristics contribute to impression formation differently across race and gender.}\line
SY Xie, JK Flake, E Hehman (2019)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 90 (22.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63200-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63200-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social impressions arise from characteristics of both perceivers and targets. However, empirical research in the domain of impression formation has yet to quantify the extent to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A new way to look at the data: Similarities between groups of people are large and important.}\line
PHP Hanel, GR Maio, ... (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 83 (20.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66320-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66320-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Most published research focuses on describing differences, while neglecting similarities that are arguably at least as interesting and important. In Study 1, we modified and extended \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does personality become more stable with age? Disentangling state and trait effects for the big five across the life span using local structural equation modeling.}\line
J Wagner, O L\'fcdtke, A Robitzsch (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 77 (19.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-05508-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-05508-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The cumulative continuity principle of personality proposes a steady increase in Big Five trait stability across the adult life span. However, empirical support for this theoretical notion is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Communication that is maladaptive for middle-class couples is adaptive for socioeconomically disadvantaged couples.}\line
JM Ross, BR Karney, TP Nguyen, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 79 (19.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/582/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/582/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Demands for change in a relationship, particularly when met by behavioral withdrawal, foreshadow declines in relationship satisfaction. Yet demands can give partners \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Targeted identity-safety interventions cause lasting reductions in discipline citations among negatively stereotyped boys.}\line
JP Goyer, GL Cohen, JE Cook, A Master, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 76 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16540-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16540-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i High rates of discipline citations predict adverse life outcomes, a harm disproportionately borne by Black and Latino boys. We hypothesized that these citations arise in part from \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality trait development across the transition to retirement.}\line
T Schwaba, W Bleidorn (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 85 (21.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03572-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03572-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In this study, we examined trajectories of Big Five personality development in the 5 years before and after retirement. Our sample was composed of 690 retirees (ages 51\u8211?81) and a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Using reappraisal to regulate negative emotion after the 2016 US Presidential election: Does emotion regulation trump political action?}\line
BQ Ford, M Feinberg, P Lam, IB Mauss, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 78 (19.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31269-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31269-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Political action (volunteering, protesting) is central to functioning democracies, and action is often motivated by negative emotion. However, theories of emotion regulation suggest that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Predictive validity and adjustment of ideal partner preferences across the transition into romantic relationships.}\line
TM Gerlach, RC Arslan, T Schultze, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 75 (18.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-40990-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-40990-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although empirical research has investigated what we ideally seek in a romantic partner for decades, the crucial question of whether ideal partner preferences actually guide our mating \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b An interdependence account of sexism and power: Men's hostile sexism, biased perceptions of low power, and relationship aggression.}\line
EJ Cross, NC Overall, RST Low, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 67 (16.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-58831-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-58831-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Protecting men's power is fundamental to understanding the origin, expression, and targets of hostile sexism, yet no prior theoretical or empirical work has specified how hostile sexism \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-control and the reasons behind our goals.}\line
BA Converse, L Juarez, M Hennecke (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 74 (18.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-37945-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-37945-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Motivation derived from a sense of truly valuing or enjoying one's pursuits (\u8220?wanting to do it\u8221?)\u8212?as opposed to motivation born of external demands or other people's expectations (\u8220?having \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When there'sa will, there'sa way: Disentangling the effects of goals and means in emotion regulation.}\line
M Tamir, E Halperin, R Porat, YE Bigman, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 69 (17.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00280-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00280-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Emotion regulation involves activating an emotion goal (eg, decrease negative emotions) and using an emotion regulation strategy (eg, cognitive reappraisal) to pursue it. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Flattering to deceive: Why people misunderstand benevolent sexism.}\line
A Hopkins-Doyle, RM Sutton, KM Douglas, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 68 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53125-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53125-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Perceptions of warmth play a central role in social cognition. Seven studies use observational, correlational, and experimental methods to examine its role in concealing the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Agentic narcissism, communal narcissism, and prosociality.}\line
AD Nehrlich, JE Gebauer, C Sedikides, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 76 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-18470-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-18470-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Grandiose narcissism and prosociality are important topics in personality and social psychology, but research on their interplay is lacking. We present a first large-scale \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Beyond harmfulness and impurity: Moral wrongness as a violation of relational motivations.}\line
B Tepe, A Aydinli-Karakulak (2019)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (15.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00296-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00296-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Building on Rai and Fiske's (2011) Relationship Regulation Theory, we argue that violation of relational motives will predict the perception of the moral wrongness of moral \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-control development in adolescence predicts love and work in adulthood.}\line
M Allemand, V Job, DK Mroczek (2019)\line
Journal of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (16.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63196-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63196-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This longitudinal study over a 23-year time span examined predictive associations between self-control development in adolescence and love and work outcomes in adulthood \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Handshaking promotes deal-making by signaling cooperative intent.}\line
J Schroeder, JL Risen, F Gino, ... (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 62 (15.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63408-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63408-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examine how a simple handshake\u8212?a gesture that often occurs at the outset of social interactions\u8212?can influence deal-making. Because handshakes are social rituals, they are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The longitudinal links of personality traits, values, and well-being and self-esteem: A five-wave study of a nationally representative sample.}\line
VH Fetvadjiev, J He (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 68 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-55622-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-55622-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Apr 4 2019 (see record 2019-18472-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Divided loyalties: Perceptions of disloyalty underpin bias toward dually-identified minority-group members.}\line
JR Kunst, L Thomsen, JF Dovidio (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 62 (15.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/807/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/807/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Majority-group members often hold negative attitudes toward minority-group members who identify with both the majority and their minority group. Integrating perspectives from social \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Confused or curious? Openness/intellect predicts more positive interest-confusion relations.}\line
K Fayn, PJ Silvia, E Dejonckheere, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 44 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-35690-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-35690-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Open people show greater interest in situations that are complex, novel, and difficult to understand\u8212?situations that may also be experienced as confusing. Here we investigate the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Compassion magnifies third-party punishment.}\line
S Pfattheicher, C Sassenrath, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 61 (15.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/1/124/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/1/124/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The last decades of research have provided overwhelming evidence that compassion fosters a vast range of behaviors toward reducing suffering of others. In this regard \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Farming cultivates a community-level shared culture through collective activities: Examining contextual effects with multilevel analyses.}\line
Y Uchida, K Takemura, S Fukushima, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 61 (15.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i It has been suggested that the well-known cultural differences in interdependence across cultures are linked to economic activities, such as farming. However, the underlying \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Metamotivational knowledge of the role of high-level and low-level construal in goal-relevant task performance.}\line
T Nguyen, JJ Carnevale, AA Scholer, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 54 (13.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-28590-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-28590-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Metamotivation research suggests that people may be able to modulate their motivational states strategically to secure desired outcomes (Scholer &Miele, 2016). To regulate one's \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The physiological basis of psychological disgust and moral judgments.}\line
JL Tracy, CM Steckler, G Heltzel (2019)\line
Journal of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (13.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66103-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66103-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i To address ongoing debates about whether feelings of disgust are causally related to moral judgments, we pharmacologically inhibited spontaneous disgust responses to moral \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Indirect contact predicts direct contact: Longitudinal evidence and the mediating role of intergroup anxiety.}\line
R W\'f6lfer, O Christ, K Schmid, N Tausch, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 62 (15.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53596-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53596-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although the effects of direct and indirect forms of contact on intergroup relations are well documented, little is known about their longitudinal co-development. Based on the social \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Testing the functional basis of first impressions: Dimensions for children's faces are not the same as for adults' faces.}\line
JR Collova, CAM Sutherland, ... (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 54 (13.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-30724-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-30724-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite warnings not to \u8220?judge a book by its cover,\u8221? people rapidly form facial impressions. In Oosterhof and Todorov's (2008) two-dimensional model of facial impressions \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Relational mobility and cultural differences in analytic and holistic thinking.}\line
A San Martin, J Schug, WW Maddux (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 56 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/495/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/4/495/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We hypothesized that individuals in cultures typified by lower levels of relational mobility would tend to show more attention to the surrounding social and physical context (ie, holistic \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Growing STEM: Perceived faculty mindset as an indicator of communal affordances in STEM.}\line
MA Fuesting, AB Diekman, KL Boucher, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 55 (13.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14055-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14055-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i As students explore science and engineering fields, they receive messages about what competencies are required in a particular field, as well as whether they can reach their goals \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How does it feel to be treated like an object? Direct and indirect effects of exposure to sexual objectification on women's emotions in daily life.}\line
P Koval, E Holland, MJ Zyphur, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 54 (13.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/6/885/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/6/885/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Exposure to sexual objectification is an everyday experience for many women, yet little is known about its emotional consequences. Fredrickson and Roberts'(1997) objectification \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is accurate, positive, or inflated self-perception most advantageous for psychological adjustment? A competitive test of key hypotheses.}\line
S Humberg, M Dufner, FD Sch\'f6nbrodt, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 61 (15.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35719-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35719-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Empirical research on the (mal-) adaptiveness of favorable self-perceptions, self-enhancement, and self-knowledge has typically applied a classical null-hypothesis testing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Why do people believe in a \u8220?true self\u8221?? The role of essentialist reasoning about personal identity and the self.}\line
AG Christy, RJ Schlegel, A Cimpian (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 55 (13.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/2/386/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/2/386/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Why do many people come to believe that they and others have a true self? We hypothesized that this belief emerges because people routinely rely on essentialist \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When mere action versus inaction leads to robust preference change.}\line
Z Chen, RW Holland, J Quandt, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 46 (11.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16892-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16892-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Understanding the formation and modification of preferences is important for explaining human behavior across many domains. Here we examined when and how preferences for \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Polygenic score for educational attainment captures DNA variants shared between personality traits and educational achievement.}\line
E Smith-Woolley, S Selzam, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (11.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16539-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16539-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Genome-wide polygenic scores (GPS) can be used to predict individual genetic risk and resilience. For example, a GPS for years of education (EduYears) explains substantial \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The chains on all my people are the chains on me: Restrictions to collective autonomy undermine the personal autonomy and psychological well-being of group \u8230?}\line
FJ Kachanoff, DM Taylor, J Caouette, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (13.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-00811-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-00811-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 117 (1) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2019-33777-001). In the article, an error \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When and why people misestimate future feelings: Identifying strengths and weaknesses in affective forecasting.}\line
HC Lench, LJ Levine, K Perez, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 46 (11.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-67617-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-67617-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People try to make decisions that will improve their lives and make them happy, and to do so, they rely on affective forecasts\u8211?predictions about how future outcomes will make them \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Why so serious? A laboratory and field investigation of the link between morality and humor.}\line
KC Yam, CM Barnes, K Leavitt, W Wei, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 45 (11.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/758/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/758/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research has identified many positive outcomes resulting from a deeply held moral identity, while overlooking potential negative social consequences for the moral individual \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Cultural variation in social judgments of smiles: The role of ideal affect.}\line
JL Tsai, E Blevins, LZ Bencharit, L Chim, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 52 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-26987-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-26987-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i While significant research has demonstrated that people's beliefs about a group shape how they judge members of that group, few studies have examined whether people's beliefs and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Anti-immigrant prejudice: Understanding the roles of (perceived) values and value dissimilarity.}\line
LJ Wolf, N Weinstein, GR Maio (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 42 (10.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02887-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02887-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although human values and value dissimilarity play pivotal roles in the prejudice literature, there remain important gaps in our understanding. To address these gaps, we recruited \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Updating implicit impressions: New evidence on intentionality and the affect misattribution procedure.}\line
TC Mann, J Cone, B Heggeseth, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-08943-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-08943-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent work has shown that implicit first impressions of other people can be rapidly updated when new information about them is highly diagnostic or provides a reinterpretation of the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Attitude change via repeated evaluative pairings versus evaluative statements: Shared and unique features.}\line
B Kurdi, MR Banaji (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11530-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11530-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When tested immediately, evaluative statements (ES; verbal information about upcoming categories and their positive/negative attributes) surprisingly shift implicit (IAT) attitudes \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reassessing the good judge of personality.}\line
KH Rogers, JC Biesanz (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (11.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-30694-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-30694-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Are some people truly better able to accurately perceive the personality of others? Previous research suggests that the good judge may be of little practical importance and individual \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Enjoy it again: Repeat experiences are less repetitive than people think.}\line
E O'Brien (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 37 (9.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14793-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14793-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What would it be like to revisit a museum, restaurant, or city you just visited? To rewatch a movie you just watched? To replay a game you just played? People often have opportunities \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Scarcity disrupts the neural encoding of Black faces: A socioperceptual pathway to discrimination.}\line
AR Krosch, DM Amodio (2019)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-34819-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-34819-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When economic resources are scarce, racial minorities are often devalued and disenfranchised. We proposed that this pattern extends to visual processing, such that the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Longitudinal actor, partner, and similarity effects of personality on well-being.}\line
MA Van Scheppingen, WJ Chopik, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (8.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-39614-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-39614-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current study aimed to conceptually replicate previous studies on the effects of actor personality, partner personality, and personality similarity on general and relational well \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reducing defensive responses to thoughts of death: Meditation, mindfulness, and Buddhism.}\line
YC Park, T Pyszczynski (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (10.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/1/101/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/1/101/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Three studies investigated the effects of meditation on responses to reminders of death. Study 1 took a quasi-experimental approach, comparing defensive responses to mortality \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Norm talk and human cooperation: Can we talk ourselves into cooperation?}\line
DB Shank, Y Kashima, K Peters, Y Li, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-59118-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-59118-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Norm talk is verbal communication that explicitly states or implicitly implies a social norm. To investigate its ability to shape cultural dynamics, 2 types of norm talk were examined \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reducing discrimination: A bias versus noise perspective.}\line
JR Axt, CK Lai (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (8.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11837-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11837-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Discrimination can occur when people fail to focus on outcome-relevant information and incorporate irrelevant demographic information into decision-making. The magnitude of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The face of STEM: Racial phenotypic stereotypicality predicts STEM persistence by\u8212?and ability attributions about\u8212?students of color.}\line
MJ Williams, J George-Jones, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51203-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51203-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 116 (3) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2019-08943-003). In the article \u8220?The Face \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b No evidence of a curvilinear relation between conscientiousness and relationship, work, and health outcomes.}\line
LB Nickel, BW Roberts, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 38 (9.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-10993-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-10993-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across 2 studies and 4 samples (Ns= 8,332, 2,136, 4,963, and 753, respectively), we tested whether the relation between conscientiousness and variables associated with important \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The development of narcissistic admiration and machiavellianism in early adulthood.}\line
MP Grosz, R G\'f6llner, N Rose, M Spengler, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 37 (9.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-56306-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-56306-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigated the development of narcissistic admiration (ie, the assertive or extraverted dimension of narcissism; Back et al., 2013) and Machiavellianism (Mach) in early adulthood \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Why are well-adjusted people seen more accurately? The role of personality-behavior congruence in naturalistic social settings.}\line
LJ Human, MC Mignault, JC Biesanz, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14148-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14148-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Expressive accuracy, being viewed in line with one's unique, distinctive personality traits, is emerging as an important individual difference that is strongly linked to psychological well \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Are personality traits and relationship characteristics reciprocally related? Longitudinal analyses of codevelopment in the transition out of high school and beyond.}\line
J Deventer, J Wagner, O L\'fcdtke, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 37 (9.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-21189-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-21189-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality development has been associated with changes in various aspects of social relationships (eg, contact frequency, emotional closeness, etc.). However, specific patterns \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social metacognition in moral judgment: Decisional conflict promotes perspective taking.}\line
A Mata (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (7.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/6/1061/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/6/1061/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A series of studies explored people's metacognition about moral judgments. These studies begin by demonstrating a metacognitive asymmetry: When faced with a dilemma \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Mass shootings and the salience of guns as means of compensation for thwarted goals.}\line
NP Leander, W Stroebe, J Kreienkamp, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (7.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12985-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12985-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Between 2016 and 2017, Americans suffered 3 of the deadliest mass shootings in modern history by a lone gunman: the Orlando nightclub shooting, the Las Vegas strip \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Third-party prejudice accommodation increases gender discrimination.}\line
AC Vial, VL Brescoll, JF Dovidio (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (7.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-52092-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-52092-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigated how gatekeepers sometimes arrive at discriminatory hiring selections to accommodate prejudiced third parties due to role demands (ie, the \u8220?third-party prejudice \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Securing the future: Threat to self-image spurs financial saving intentions.}\line
Y Steinhart, Y Jiang (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (6.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/741/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/4/741/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research examines when and why a threat to self-image influences saving intentions. Data from a set of seven studies, comprising a large-scale survey and 6 experiments, show \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Making social neuroscience less WEIRD: Using fNIRS to measure neural signatures of persuasive influence in a Middle East participant sample.}\line
SM Burns, LN Barnes, IA McCulloh, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 30 (7.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00295-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00295-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The large majority of social neuroscience research uses WEIRD populations\u8212?participants from Western, educated, industrialized, rich, and democratic locations. This makes it difficult \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The codevelopment of effortful control and school behavioral problems.}\line
OE Atherton, LR Zheng, W Bleidorn, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (7.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35339-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35339-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Effortful control refers to the propensity to regulate one's impulses and behaviors, to focus and shift attention easily, and to motivate the self toward a goal when there are competing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The preference for distributed helping.}\line
DL Sharps, J Schroeder (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14549-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14549-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Whether deciding how to distribute donations to online requesters or divide tutoring time among students, helpers must often determine how to allocate aid across multiple \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceiving happiness in an intergroup context: The role of race and attention to the eyes in differentiating between true and false smiles.}\line
JP Friesen, K Kawakami, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00293-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00293-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present research comprises six experiments that investigated racial biases in the perception of positive emotional expressions. In an initial study, we demonstrated that White \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Metacognition fosters cultural learning: Evidence from individual differences and situational prompts.}\line
MW Morris, K Savani, K Fincher (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66103-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66103-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigated the role of metacognition in the process by which people learn new cultural norms from experiential feedback. In a lab paradigm, participants received many trials of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Can other-derogation be beneficial? Seeing others as low in agency can lead to an agentic reputation in newly formed face-to-face groups.}\line
R Rau, S Nestler, K Geukes, MD Back, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/1/201/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/1/201/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Whenever groups form, members readily and intuitively judge each other's agentic characteristics (eg, self-confidence or assertiveness). We tested the hypothesis that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Intergroup conflict self-perpetuates via meaning: Exposure to intergroup conflict increases meaning and fuels a desire for further conflict.}\line
DR Rovenpor, TC O'Brien, A Roblain, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 30 (7.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-42703-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-42703-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigated whether violent conflict provides individuals with a sense of meaning that they are hesitant to let go of, thus contributing to the perpetuation of intergroup conflict \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Debriefed but still troubled? About the (in) effectiveness of postexperimental debriefings after ego threat.}\line
S Miketta, M Friese (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/2/282/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/2/282/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Psychological researchers often use powerful experimental manipulations to temporarily reduce participants' well-being. Postexperimental debriefings are intended to eliminate such \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The meaning of guilt: Reconciling the past to inform the future.}\line
SM Tignor, CR Colvin (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53129-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53129-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite decades of empirical research, a deceptively simple question remains unanswered: Is guilt good? Whereas some researchers assert that routine experiences of guilt (ie,\u8220?trait \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Moderation of classic social psychological effects by demographics in the US adult population: New opportunities for theoretical advancement.}\line
DS Yeager, JA Krosnick, PS Visser, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-49578-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-49578-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i For decades, social psychologists have collected data primarily from college undergraduates and, recently, from haphazard samples of adults. Yet researchers have \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When individual goal pursuit turns competitive: How we sabotage and coast.}\line
S Huang, SC Lin, Y Zhang (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (6.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/3/605/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/117/3/605/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People working toward individual goals often find themselves surrounded by others who are pursuing similar goals, such as at school, in fitness classes, and through goal-oriented \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Kids becoming less alike: A behavioral genetic analysis of developmental increases in personality variance from childhood to adolescence.}\line
R M\'f5ttus, DA Briley, A Zheng, FD Mann, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (9.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16898-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16898-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent work in personality development has indicated that the magnitude of individual differences in personality increases over child development. Do such patterns reflect the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The redundancy in cumulative information and how it biases impressions.}\line
H Alves, A Mata (2019)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (5.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-33417-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-33417-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present work identifies a so-far overlooked bias in sequential impression formation. When the latent qualities of competitors are inferred from a cumulative sequence of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When a good god makes bad people: Testing a theory of religion and immorality.}\line
JC Jackson, K Gray (2019)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (7.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-06349-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-06349-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When might religious belief lower ethical standards? We propose a theory of religion and immorality that makes 3 central predictions. First, people will judge immoral acts as more \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Different physiological reactions when observing lies versus truths: Initial evidence and an intervention to enhance accuracy.}\line
L Ten Brinke, JJ Lee, DR Carney (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12805-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12805-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Humans consistently face the challenge of discerning liars from truth-tellers. Hundreds of studies in which observers judge the veracity of laboratory-created lies and truths suggest \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Cross-cultural consistency and relativity in the enjoyment of thinking versus doing.}\line
N Buttrick, H Choi, TD Wilson, S Oishi, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35570-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35570-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Which is more enjoyable: trying to think enjoyable thoughts or doing everyday solitary activities? Wilson et al.(2014) found that American participants much preferred solitary \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How far reaches the power of personality? Personality predictors of terminal decline in well-being.}\line
S Mueller, J Wagner, GG Wagner, N Ram, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-40665-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-40665-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality is a powerful predictor of central life outcomes, including subjective well-being. Yet, we still know little about how personality manifests in the very last years of life when well \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On being forgotten: Memory and forgetting serve as signals of interpersonal importance.}\line
DG Ray, S Gomillion, AI Pintea, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (5.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/2/259/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/116/2/259/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Our memories contain a wealth of social information\u8212?including details of past interactions, facts about others, and others' identities. Yet, human memory is imperfect, and we often find \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b True to which self? Lay rationalism and decision satisfaction in self-control conflicts.}\line
MD Kokkoris, E Hoelzl, C Al\'f3s-Ferrer (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (4.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16896-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16896-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Are people more satisfied with decisions to resist or to indulge temptation? We propose that the effect of restraint versus indulgence on decision satisfaction depends on individual \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Implicit interpersonal evaluations as a risk factor for suicidality: Automatic spousal attitudes predict changes in the probability of suicidal thoughts.}\line
JK McNulty, MA Olson, TE Joiner Jr (2019)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12815-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-12815-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Thwarted social connection is a critical risk factor for suicidality, and several theoretical perspectives highlight the importance of interpersonal affect to social connection. Given that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b To die for a cause but not for a companion: Attachment-related variations in the terror management function of self-sacrifice.}\line
N Caspi-Berkowitz, M Mikulincer, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-04766-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-04766-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In 8 studies, we examined the terror management function of self-sacrifice and the moderating role of attachment orientations. Studies 1\u8211?5 focused on readiness to self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b It's the journey, not the destination: How metaphor drives growth after goal attainment.}\line
SC Huang, J Aaker (2019)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-34220-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-34220-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People pursue goals throughout their lives, and many of these attempts end happily\u8212?a goal is achieved. However, what facilitates the continuation of behaviors that are aligned with the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does the future look bright? Processing style determines the impact of valence weighting biases and self-beliefs on expectations.}\line
ZA Niese, LK Libby, RH Fazio, RP Eibach, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53126-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-53126-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People regularly form expectations about their future, and whether those expectations are positive or negative can have important consequences. So, what determines the valence of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On the updating of spontaneous impressions.}\line
I Olcaysoy Okten, ED Schneid, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14056-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14056-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A large body of work has shown that perceivers form spontaneous inferences about others' characteristics (eg, mean, bad) as soon as they observe their behaviors. However, a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Creativity and romantic passion.}\line
KL Carswell, EJ Finkel, M Kumashiro (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-03857-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-03857-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Romantic passion typically declines over time, but a downward trajectory is not inevitable. Across 3 studies (1 of which encompassed 2 substudies), we investigated whether creativity \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Implicitly imprinting the past on the present: Automatic partner attitudes and the transition to parenthood.}\line
SL Murray, MD Seery, VM Lamarche, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (3.25 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-40147-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-40147-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A new model is proposed to explain how automatic partner attitudes affect how couples cope with major life transitions. The automatic partner attitudes in transition (APAT) model \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The impact of art: Exploring the social-psychological pathways that connect audiences to live performances.}\line
A van Mourik Broekman, N Koudenburg, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02012-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02012-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Group growth is of fundamental importance to understanding social influence. How do passive bystanders become psychologically involved when observing a small group of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Decomposing the causes of the socioeconomic status-health gradient with biometrical modeling.}\line
SM Garrison, JL Rodgers (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (2.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-56705-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-56705-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The consistent relationship between socioeconomic status (SES) and health has been widely covered in the media and scientific journals, which typically argue that physical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Beyond attractiveness: A multimethod approach to study enhancement in self-recognition on the Big Two personality dimensions.}\line
M Walker, M Keller (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (2.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-15259-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-15259-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-enhancement refers to the phenomenon that individuals tend to have unrealistically positive self-views. Traditional measures of self-enhancement typically imply self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Empathetic collective angst predicts perpetrator group members' support for the empowerment of the victimized group.}\line
MJA Wohl, N Tabri, SJ Hollingshead, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (2.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-05041-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-05041-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although victimized groups have a need to recover diminished power, perpetrator groups are often reluctant to support actions that may undermine their own systemic advantages \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Confession and self-control: A prelude to repentance or relapse?}\line
ML Lowe, KL Haws (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (2.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51566-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51566-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Confessions are commonplace. Even when embarrassing or otherwise damaging, we seem intrinsically motivated to open up to others and confess mistakes we have made. Although \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Direct and conceptual replications of the taxometric analysis of type a behavior.}\line
MP Wilmot, N Haslam, J Tian, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (2.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-22299-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-22299-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We present direct and conceptual replications of the influential taxometric analysis of Type A Behavior (TAB; Strube, 1989), which reported evidence for the latent typology of the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Pain offset reduces rumination in response to evoked anger and sadness.}\line
C Harmon-Jones, E Hinton, J Tien, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (1.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11839-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11839-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Four studies examined whether pain offset reduces rumination in response to anger or sadness. Past research has demonstrated that, following the offset of pain, individuals show \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Thinking about a new decade in life increases personal self-reflection: A replication and reinterpretation of Alter and Hershfield's (2014) findings.}\line
J Kim, RJ Schlegel, E Seto, JA Hicks (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (1.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31350-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31350-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Alter and Hershfield (2014) recently published a set of studies suggesting that people often search for existential meaning as they approach a new decade in chronological age. The \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On the updating of spontaneous impressions}\line
IO Okten, ED Schneid, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, search.proquest.com, cited by 7 (1.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://search.proquest.com/openview/598d682b9d51cbd6cdbe16a1c935d0c7/1?pq-origsite=gscholar&cbl=60992"}{\fldrslt \ul https://search.proquest.com/openview/598d682b9d51cbd6cdbe16a1c935d0c7/1?pq-origsite=gscholar&cbl=60992}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A large body of work has shown that perceivers form spontaneous inferences about others' characteristics (eg, mean, bad) as soon as they observe their behaviors. However, a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Learning what to inhibit: The influence of repeated testing on the encoding of gender and age information.}\line
TA Palma, L Garcia-Marques, P Marques, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (1.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-20833-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-20833-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Psychological research has devoted considerable attention to the relationship between the multiple category dimensions that can be extracted from faces. In the present studies, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The detriments of unmet sexual ideals and buffering effect of sexual responsiveness}\line
RN Balzarini, A Muise, K Dobson, T Kohut, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, researchgate.net, cited by 4 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rhonda-Balzarini/publication/336199135_The_Detriments_of_Unmet_Sexual_Ideals_and_Buffering_Effect_of_Sexual_Responsiveness/links/5d977947458515c1d3956b04/The-Detriments-of-Unmet-Sexual-Ideals-and-Buffering-Effect-of-Sexual-Responsiveness.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rhonda-Balzarini/publication/336199135_The_Detriments_of_Unmet_Sexual_Ideals_and_Buffering_Effect_of_Sexual_Responsiveness/links/5d977947458515c1d3956b04/The-Detriments-of-Unmet-Sexual-Ideals-and-Buffering-Effect-of-Sexual-Responsiveness.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Most couples view sexual satisfaction as crucial for the maintenance of romantic relationships, yet our understanding of a person's sexual ideals (ie, the traits and attributes a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b And the winner is...? Forecasting the outcome of others' competitive efforts.}\line
D Kupor, MS Brucks, SC Huang (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (0.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-27720-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-27720-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People frequently forecast the outcomes of competitive events. Some forecasts are about oneself (eg, forecasting how one will perform in an athletic competition, school or job \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The shifting preference for contingent rewards in goal pursuit.}\line
Q Xu, L Jin, Y Zhang (2019)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (0.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66103-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-66103-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research explored a dynamic self-control process and examined people's preference for contingent rewards during and after the completion of an active focal task. We found that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The efficacy of multi-sensory writing instruction Fernald on the dyslexia}\line
A Costa (2019)\line
Journal of personality and Social psychology, cited by 4 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Flattering to deceive: The warmth of benevolent sexism masks its ideological functions}\line
A Hopkins-Doyle, RM Sutton, KM Douglas, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 3 (0.75 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Erratum to: The longitudinal links of personality traits, values, and well-being and self-esteem. A five-wave study of a nationally representative sample (vol \u8230?}\line
VH Fetvadjiev, J He (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC, cited by 2 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Empathy, social values and civic behaviour among early}\line
C Silke, C Boylan, B Brady, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, UNESCO Child and Family \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b PGS for Educational Attainment Captures DNA Variants Shared between Personality Traits and Educational Achievement}\line
SW Emily, S Saskia (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Broadening your horizons: Daily self-expanding activities promote intimacy and passion in long-term romantic relationships}\line
A Muise, C Harasymchuk, LC Day, C Bacev-Giles, ... (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Towards a dimensional representation of the whole gamut of human emotions}\line
J Fontaine, CO Gillioz, ... (2019)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, American Psychological Association, cited by 2 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Generosity pays: Selfish people have fewer children and earn less money. Forthcoming in}\line
K Eriksson, I Vartanova, P Strimling, B Simpson (2019)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The Chains on All My People Are the Chains on Me: Restrictions to Collective Autonomy Undermine the Personal Autonomy and Psychological Well \u8230?}\line
FJ Kachanoff, DM Taylor, ... (2019)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Narrative identity processes and changes in well-being across the transition to college: A contextualized approach}\line
JP Lilgendahl, KC McLean (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology: PPID, cited by 6 (1.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Indigenous personality structure in East and West Africa: Lexical studies of personality in Maa and Supyire-Senufo}\line
AG Thalmayer, G Saucier, L Ole-Kotikash, D Payne (2019)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 4 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effects of gamified customer benefits and}\line
S Jang, PJ Kitchen, J Kim\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, core.ac.uk\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/199214860.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/199214860.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This study investigates how gamified customer benefits (epistemic, social integrative, and personal integrative) and customer characteristics (age and experience) influence marketing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Helpful and Helpless Optimism}\line
J Tong\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b ORCID: 0000-0003-3299-4858, Toure-Tillery, M. and Fishbach, A.(2019). The First-Member Heuristic: Group Members Labeled \u8220?First\u8221? Influence Judgment and \u8230?}\line
J Steinmetz\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, doi, bayes.city.ac.uk\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.bayes.city.ac.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0005/495347/first-member-heuristic.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.bayes.city.ac.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0005/495347/first-member-heuristic.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often make judgments about a group (eg, immigrants from a specific country) based on information about a single group member. Seven studies (N= 1,929) tested the \u8230?}\par}
}
