{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deftab1080
{\stylesheet{\s0\fs24\sa120 Normal;}{\s1\fs44\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 1;}{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 2;}{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 3;}{\s4\fs32\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 4;}{\s5\fs28\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 5;}{\s6\fs24\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 6;}}
{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from 2021 to 2021, no patents\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Publish or Perish 8.9.4538.8589 (extended report)\line
WinPosix (x64) edition, running on WinPosix 10.0.22631 (x64)}\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Search terms\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Publication name:} Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\line
{\b Years:} 2021 to 2021\line
{\b Other options:} include citations; exclude patents\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Data retrieval\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Data source:} Google Scholar\line
{\b Search date:} 2023-08-22 17:35:37 -00400\line
{\b Cache date:} 2023-08-22 22:50:41 -00400\line
{\b Search result:} [0] No error\line
\line
{\i {\b Important:} This data source provides only abbreviated data. Any ellipses (... marks) shown in this report originate with the data source; they are NOT caused by subsequent processing in Publish or Perish.}\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Metrics\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reference date:} 2023-08-22 22:50:41 -00400\line
{\b Publication years:} 2021-2021\line
{\b Citation years:} 2 (2021-2023)\line
{\b Papers:} 147\line
{\b Citations:} 4081\line
{\b Citations/year:} 2040.50 (acc1=137, acc2=131, acc5=110, acc10=74, acc20=32)\line
{\b Citations/paper:} 27.76\line
{\b Citations/author:} 1274.50\line
{\b Papers/author:} 53.75\line
{\b Authors/paper:} 3.22/3.0/4 (mean/median/mode)\line
{\b Age-weighted citation rate:} 2040.50 (sqrt=45.17), 637.25/author\line
{\b Hirsch h-index:} 36 (a=3.15, m=18.00, 2395 cites=58.7% coverage)\line
{\b Egghe g-index:} 54 (g/h=1.50, 2956 cites=72.4% coverage)\line
{\b PoP hI,norm:} 17\line
{\b PoP hI,annual:} 8.50\line
{\b Fassin hA-index:} 24\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Results\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Testing prospective effects in longitudinal research: Comparing seven competing cross-lagged models.}\line
U Orth, DA Clark, MB Donnellan, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 276 (138.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54836-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54836-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In virtually all areas of psychology, the question of whether a particular construct has a prospective effect on another is of fundamental importance. For decades, the cross-lagged \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Merged minds: Generalized shared reality in dyadic relationships.}\line
M Rossignac-Milon, N Bolger, KS Zee, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 109 (54.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/882/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/882/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many everyday conversations, whether between close partners or strangers interacting for the first time, are about the world external to their relationship, such as music, food, or \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A dimensional taxonomy of perceived characteristics of major life events.}\line
M Luhmann, I Fassbender, M Alcock, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 126 (63.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/633/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/633/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Major life events (MLEs) are studied in many different areas in psychology such as personality development, clinical psychology, or posttraumatic growth. In all of these areas \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On the relation of boredom and sadistic aggression.}\line
S Pfattheicher, LB Lazarevi\u263?, EC Westgate, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 71 (35.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/573/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/573/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What gives rise to sadism? While sadistic behavior (ie, harming others for pleasure) is well-documented, past empirical research is nearly silent regarding the psychological factors \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Awe, daily stress, and elevated life satisfaction.}\line
Y Bai, J Ocampo, G Jin, S Chen, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 55 (27.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-29486-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-29486-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i It is widely assumed that experiences of awe transform the meaning of daily stresses. Across six studies we tested whether and how the experience of awe is associated with reduced \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When trust goes wrong: A social identity model of risk taking.}\line
T Cruwys, KH Greenaway, LJ Ferris, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 84 (42.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/57/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/57/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Risk taking is typically viewed through a lens of individual deficits (eg, impulsivity) or normative influence (eg, peer pressure). An unexplored possibility is that shared group \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The thin blue waveform: Racial disparities in officer prosody undermine institutional trust in the police.}\line
NP Camp, R Voigt, D Jurafsky, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (17.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-62865-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-62865-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do routine police encounters build or undermine community trust, and how might they contribute to racial gaps in citizen perceptions of the police? Procedural justice theory posits \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Breaking the glass ceiling: For one and all?}\line
F Manzi, ME Heilman (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 64 (32.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/257/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/257/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research challenges the assumption that the presence of women in leadership positions will automatically \u8220?break the glass ceiling\u8221? for other women. We contend that it is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Longitudinal coupling of momentary stress reactivity and trait neuroticism: Specificity of states, traits, and age period.}\line
C Wrzus, G Luong, GG Wagner, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (18.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-68317-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-68317-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality traits like neuroticism show both continuity and change across adolescence and adulthood, with most pronounced changes occurring in young adulthood. It has been \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When every day is a high school reunion: Social media comparisons and self-esteem.}\line
C Midgley, S Thai, P Lockwood, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 86 (43.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/2/285/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/2/285/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although past research has shown that social comparisons made through social media contribute to negative outcomes, little is known about the nature of these comparisons \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Having too little or too much time is linked to lower subjective well-being.}\line
MA Sharif, C Mogilner, HE Hershfield (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (17.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-76746-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-76746-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many people living in modern society feel like they do not have enough time and are constantly searching for more. But is having limited discretionary time actually detrimental \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Insufficiently complimentary?: Underestimating the positive impact of compliments creates a barrier to expressing them.}\line
X Zhao, N Epley (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (20.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-92058-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-92058-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Compliments increase the well-being of both expressers and recipients, yet in a series of surveys people report giving fewer compliments than they should give, or would like to give \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Using 26,000 diary entries to show ovulatory changes in sexual desire and behavior.}\line
RC Arslan, KM Schilling, TM Gerlach, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 112 (56.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/2/410/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/2/410/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Jun 20 2019 (see record 2019-34417-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Interdependence and cooperation in daily life.}\line
S Columbus, C Molho, F Righetti, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (31.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-44813-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-44813-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 122 (5) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2022-52639-002). In the article (https://doi \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Development is in the details: Age differences in the Big Five domains, facets, and nuances.}\line
R M\'f5ttus, D Rozgonjuk (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 73 (36.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-72124-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-72124-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examined the extent to which the Big Five domains, 30 facets, and nuances (uniquely represented by individual questionnaire items) capture age differences in personality \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Resistance in repressive contexts: A comprehensive test of psychological predictors.}\line
AH Ayanian, N Tausch, YG Acar, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 67 (33.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-47566-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-47566-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Empirical research on the social psychological antecedents of collective action has been conducted almost exclusively in democratic societies, where activism is relatively safe. The \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Trust in everyday life.}\line
A Weiss, C Michels, P Burgmer, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (31.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-61553-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-61553-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although trust plays a pivotal role in many aspects of life, very little is known about the manifestation of trust and distrust in everyday life. In this work, we integrated several prior \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reasoning supports utilitarian resolutions to moral dilemmas across diverse measures.}\line
I Patil, MM Zucchelli, W Kool, S Campbell, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 93 (46.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-00769-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-00769-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Sacrificial moral dilemmas elicit a strong conflict between the motive to not personally harm someone and the competing motive to achieving the greater good, which is often described \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Race\u8211?status associations: Distinct effects of three novel measures among White and Black perceivers.}\line
CH Dupree, B Torrez, O Obioha, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 48 (24.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-66288-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-66288-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Race is fraught with meaning, but unequal status is central. Race\u8211?status associations (RSAs) link White Americans with high status and Black Americans with low status. RSAs \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Religious residue: Cross-cultural evidence that religious psychology and behavior persist following deidentification.}\line
DR Van Tongeren, CN DeWall, Z Chen, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (31.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-17410-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-17410-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i More than 1 billion people worldwide report no religious affiliation. These religious \u8220?nones\u8221? represent the world's third largest religion-related identity group and are a diverse group \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Identifying robust correlates of risk preference: A systematic approach using specification curve analysis.}\line
R Frey, D Richter, J Schupp, R Hertwig, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 64 (32.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-15046-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-15046-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People's risk preferences are thought to be central to many consequential real-life decisions, making it important to identify robust correlates of this construct. Various psychological \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A motivational framework of social comparison.}\line
K Diel, S Grelle, W Hofmann (2021)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 42 (21.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1415/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1415/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Whether people's current motivation levels increase or decline also hinge on their social environment. The current research tightly integrates motivational principles from self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Human \u8220?resources\u8221?? Objectification at work.}\line
P Belmi, J Schroeder (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (21.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-50265-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-50265-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People behave differently when at work than not at work; for example, they are less interested in making close friends and use more transactional language (networking vs \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality, intelligence, and counterproductive academic behaviors: A meta-analysis.}\line
D Cuadrado, JF Salgado, S Moscoso (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 55 (27.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/504/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/504/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Counterproductive academic behaviors (CAB) are a major problem for educational institutions all over the world. For this reason, to determine the potential predictors of CAB is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What is the structure of perceiver effects? On the importance of global positivity and trait-specificity across personality domains and judgment contexts.}\line
R Rau, EN Carlson, MD Back, M Barranti, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (26.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-76868-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-76868-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When judging others' personalities, perceivers differ in their general judgment tendencies. These perceiver effects partly reflect a response bias but are also stable and psychologically \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Unveiling an exclusive link: Predicting behavior with personality, situation perception, and affect in a preregistered experience sampling study.}\line
KT Horstmann, JF Rauthmann, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 51 (25.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1317/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1317/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Affect and situation perception are intertwined in any given situation, but the extent to which both predict behavior jointly and uniquely has not yet been systematically examined so far \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Signaling virtuous victimhood as indicators of Dark Triad personalities.}\line
E Ok, Y Qian, B Strejcek, K Aquino (2021)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 44 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1634/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1634/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigate the consequences and predictors of emitting signals of victimhood and virtue. In our first three studies, we show that the virtuous victim signal can facilitate nonreciprocal \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Out of place: Socioeconomic status, use of public space, and belonging in higher education.}\line
S Trawalter, K Hoffman, L Palmer (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 50 (25.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-45722-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-45722-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Those from low socioeconomic status (SES) often lack access to public space and, when they have access, they are often discouraged from using public space. Scholars from human \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Daily life processes predict long-term development in explicit and implicit representations of Big Five traits: Testing predictions from the TESSERA (Triggering \u8230?}\line
M Quintus, B Egloff, C Wrzus (2021)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (19.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69779-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69779-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This study examined daily life processes and their contribution to long-term continuity and change in explicit and implicit representations of Big 5 traits. The TESSERA framework \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Spending reflects not only who we are but also who we are around: The joint effects of individual and geographic personality on consumption.}\line
T Ebert, FM G\'f6tz, JJ Gladstone, SR M\'fcller, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 37 (18.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-46364-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-46364-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Interactionist theories are considered to have resolved the classic person-situation debate by demonstrating that human behavior is most accurately described as a function of both \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The dynamic relationship between contact opportunities, positive and negative intergroup contact, and prejudice: A longitudinal investigation.}\line
PF Kotzur, U Wagner (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (18.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-53955-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-53955-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigated the dynamics of naturally increasing contact opportunities, frequencies of positive and negative intergroup contact experiences, and prejudice toward forced migrants \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do life events lead to enduring changes in adult attachment styles? A naturalistic longitudinal investigation.}\line
RC Fraley, O Gillath, PR Deboeck (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 38 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-59857-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-59857-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research has shown that a variety of life events are associated with changes in adult attachment styles. What is unknown, however, is the extent to which those changes are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality\u8211?place transactions: Mapping the relationships between Big Five personality traits, states, and daily places.}\line
SC Matz, GM Harari (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (23.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-39572-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-39572-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People actively select their environments, and the environments they select can alter their psychological characteristics in the moment and over time. Such dynamic person \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who wants to change and how? On the trait-specificity of personality change goals.}\line
I Thielmann, RE De Vries (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (15.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-07854-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-07854-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The study of volitional personality change has received increasing attention in recent years, suggesting that individuals want to change for the better particularly on those socially \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Normative appeals motivate people to contribute to collective action problems more when they invite people to work together toward a common goal.}\line
LC Howe, PB Carr, GM Walton (2021)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-82680-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-82680-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A common method to promote behavior change, particularly in contexts related to collective action, is to reference a social norm and ask people to comply with it. We argue that such \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Friendship jealousy: One tool for maintaining friendships in the face of third-party threats?}\line
JA Krems, KEG Williams, A Aktipis, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 42 (21.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/977/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/977/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Friendships can foster happiness, health, and reproductive fitness. However, friendships end\u8212?even when we might not want them to. A primary reason for this is interference from \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The self-congruity effect of music.}\line
DM Greenberg, SC Matz, HA Schwartz, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/137/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/137/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Music is a universal phenomenon that has existed in every known culture around the world. It plays a prominent role in society by shaping sociocultural interactions between groups and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Facet-level personality development in the transition to adolescence: Maturity, disruption, and gender differences.}\line
CM Brandes, SC Kushner, K Herzhoff, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-85413-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-85413-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The transition to adolescence is marked by enormous change in social, biological, and personality development. Although accumulating evidence has offered insight into the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b (Un) happiness and voting in US presidential elections.}\line
G Ward, JE De Neve, LH Ungar, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (20.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/370/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/370/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A rapidly growing literature has attempted to explain Donald Trump's success in the 2016 US presidential election as a result of a wide variety of differences in individual \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Development of domain-specific self-evaluations: A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.}\line
U Orth, LC Dapp, RY Erol, S Krauss, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 33 (16.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/145/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/145/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This meta-analysis investigated the normative development of domain-specific self-evaluations (also referred to as self-concept or domain-specific self-esteem) by synthesizing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Fluctuations in grandiose and vulnerable narcissistic states: A momentary perspective.}\line
EA Edershile, AGC Wright (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (31.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-78968-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-78968-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Theories of narcissism emphasize the dynamic processes within and between grandiosity and vulnerability. Research seeking to address this has either not studied grandiosity and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Life satisfaction trajectories during adolescence and the transition to young adulthood: Findings from a longitudinal study of Mexican-origin youth.}\line
EC Willroth, OE Atherton, RW Robins (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (21.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-24000-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-24000-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite the importance of life satisfaction for health and well-being, there is a paucity of longitudinal studies tracking changes in life satisfaction in ethnic minority youth. In a sample \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Are work activities related to interest change over time? A 22-year longitudinal study.}\line
CD Nye, B Wille, J Amory, F De Fruyt (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (15.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54168-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54168-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research has shown that vocational interests are important predictors of a number of life outcomes. Therefore, understanding individuals' vocational interests can also help to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Physiological linkage during shared positive and shared negative emotion.}\line
KH Chen, CL Brown, JL Wells, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 30 (15.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-66494-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-66494-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Physiological linkage refers to the degree to which peoples' physiological responses change in coordinated ways. Here, we examine whether and how physiological linkage \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social media users produce more affect that supports cultural values, but are more influenced by affect that violates cultural values.}\line
TW Hsu, Y Niiya, M Thelwall, M Ko, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (9.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-82649-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-82649-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although social media plays an increasingly important role in communication around the world, social media research has primarily focused on Western users. Thus, little is known \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The new identity theft: Perceptions of cultural appropriation in intergroup contexts.}\line
AJ Mosley, M Biernat (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (15.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-59519-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-59519-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Cultural appropriation has been described and discussed within academic and everyday discourse, but little research has examined its role in the psychological context of intergroup \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A direct comparison of the day reconstruction method (DRM) and the experience sampling method (ESM).}\line
RE Lucas, C Wallsworth, I Anusic, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 59 (29.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-20115-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-20115-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The day reconstruction method (DRM) is an approach to measuring well-being that is designed to approximate the rich data that can be obtained from intensive repeated \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Disrupting the system constructively: Testing the effectiveness of nonnormative nonviolent collective action.}\line
E Shuman, T Saguy, M van Zomeren, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (17.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/819/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/819/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Collective action research tends to focus on motivations of the disadvantaged group, rather than on which tactics are effective at driving the advantaged group to make concessions to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Partisan ideological attitudes: Liberals are tolerant; the intelligent are intolerant.}\line
Y Ganzach, Y Schul (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1551/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1551/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In this article we examine intolerance toward ideological outgroups, conceptualized as the negativity of the attitudes of liberals and conservatives toward their ideological outgroup. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personal echo chambers: Openness-to-experience is linked to higher levels of psychological interest diversity in large-scale behavioral data.}\line
SC Matz (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-02139-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-02139-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research investigates the extent to which the personality trait of Openness-to-Experience can protect individuals from living in personal echo chambers that create and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The relevance appraisal matrix: Evaluating others' relevance.}\line
B Lassetter, E Hehman, R Neel (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 23 (11.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-06734-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-06734-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People seek to detect who facilitates and who impedes their goal pursuit. The resulting relevance appraisals of opportunity and threat, respectively, can strongly shape subsequent \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Growing desire or growing apart? Consequences of personal self-expansion for romantic passion.}\line
KL Carswell, A Muise, C Harasymchuk, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-10894-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-10894-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Romantic passion represents one of the most fragile and elusive elements of relationship quality but one that is increasingly valued and tied to relationship and individual well-being \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Political differences in free will belief are associated with differences in moralization.}\line
JAC Everett, CJ Clark, P Meindl, JB Luguri, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 56 (28.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/461/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/2/461/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In 14 studies, we tested whether political conservatives' stronger free will beliefs were linked to stronger and broader tendencies to moralize and, thus, a greater motivation to assign \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reducing implicit racial preferences: III. A process-level examination of changes in implicit preferences.}\line
J Calanchini, CK Lai, KC Klauer (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/796/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/796/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Implicit bias change was initially assumed to reflect changes in associations, but subsequent research demonstrated that implicit bias change can also reflect changes in control-oriented \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Mobilized or marginalized? Understanding low-status groups' responses to social justice efforts led by high-status groups.}\line
A Iyer, T Achia (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 33 (16.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-57185-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-57185-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Members of high-status groups (eg, men) often lead social justice efforts that seek to benefit low-status groups (eg, women), but little is known about how observers respond to such \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social anxiety and liking: Towards understanding the role of metaperceptions in first impressions.}\line
H Tissera, L Gazzard Kerr, EN Carlson, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (12.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/948/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/948/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A core component of social anxiety is the constant concern about what others think of the self. Could such metaperceptions\u8212?beliefs about how others view the self\u8212?play a role in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Stability and change in vocational interests after graduation from high school: A six-wave longitudinal study.}\line
G Stoll, S Rieger, B Nagengast, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (12.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-55355-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-55355-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Vocational interests shape major life decisions and predict major life outcomes. Therefore, it is important to understand how vocational interests develop in young adulthood, a time \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Moderators of intergroup evaluation in disadvantaged groups: A comprehensive test of predictions from system justification theory.}\line
I Essien, J Calanchini, J Degner (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1204/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1204/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examined hypotheses proposed by System Justification Theory (SJT; Jost, Banaji, &Nosek, 2004) regarding intergroup evaluation in disadvantaged groups, using large \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Smile pretty and watch your back: Personal safety anxiety and vigilance in objectification theory.}\line
RM Calogero, TL Tylka, JA Siegel, A Pina, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69774-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69774-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Nov 19 2020 (see record 2020-89294-001). In Table \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Hiding success.}\line
AR Roberts, EE Levine, O Sezer (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1261/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1261/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-promotion is common in everyday life. Yet, across 8 studies (N= 1,687) examining a broad range of personal and professional successes, we find that individuals often hide their \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Keep talking:(Mis) understanding the hedonic trajectory of conversation.}\line
M Kardas, J Schroeder, E O'Brien (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-16089-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-16089-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People regularly interact with new acquaintances, yet little research has examined the hedonic dynamics of these conversations or the extent to which people are aware of them \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Big Five facets and religiosity: Three large-scale, cross-cultural, theory-driven, and process-attentive tests.}\line
TM Entringer, JE Gebauer, J Eck, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (12.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-81348-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-81348-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How relevant are the Big Five in predicting religiosity? Existing evidence suggests that the Big Five domains account for only a small amount of variance in religiosity. Some \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How genetic and environmental variance in personality traits shift across the life span: Evidence from a cross-national twin study.}\line
C Kandler, D Bratko, A Butkovi\u263?, TV Hlupi\u263?, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (12.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-71590-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-71590-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Decades of research have shown that about half of individual differences in personality traits is heritable. Recent studies have reported that heritability is not fixed, but instead decreases \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Understanding Whites' perceptions of multicultural policies: A (non) zero-sum framework?}\line
T Ballinger, J Crocker (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 23 (11.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-55288-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-55288-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Non-Hispanic Whites can perceive multicultural diversity policies as excluding their group and threatening their identity. However, increasing demographic diversity and the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Illusory gender-equality paradox, math self-concept, and frame-of-reference effects: New integrative explanations for multiple paradoxes.}\line
HW Marsh, PD Parker, J Guo, G Basarkod, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-41644-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-41644-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Gender-equality paradoxes (GEPs) posit that gender gaps in math self-concepts (MSCs) are larger\u8212?not smaller\u8212?in countries with greater gender equality. These paradoxical results \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-esteem and satisfaction with social relationships across time.}\line
EL De Moor, JJA Denissen, WHM Emons, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (10.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/173/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/173/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on the longitudinal association between self-esteem and satisfaction with social relationships has led to ambiguous conclusions regarding the temporal order and strength \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u450?\u362?sigu: A mixed-method lexical study of character description in Khoekhoegowab.}\line
AG Thalmayer, S Job, EN Shino, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (9.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-89383-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-89383-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality psychology relies heavily on evidence from North America and Europe. Lexical studies, based on the rationale that the most important psychological distinctions between \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The behavioral ecology of moral dilemmas: Childhood unpredictability, but not harshness, predicts less deontological and utilitarian responding.}\line
HM Maranges, CR Hasty, JK Maner, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (12.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11278-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11278-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Childhood unpredictability and harshness are associated with patterns of psychology and behavior that enable individuals to make the most of adverse environments. The current \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Meta-humanization reduces prejudice, even under high intergroup threat.}\line
M Pavetich, S Stathi (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (10.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-52355-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-52355-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Meta-dehumanization, the perception your group has been given less than human qualities, contributes to a vicious cycle of outgroup dehumanization and hostility, such as hate crimes \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Attachment anxiety and the curvilinear effects of expressive suppression on individuals' and partners' outcomes.}\line
YU Girme, BJ Peters, LR Baker, NC Overall, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (10.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-61364-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-61364-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Suppressing the expression of negative emotions tends to undermine individuals' and their partners' wellbeing. However, sometimes expressive suppression may be relatively \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do people realize how their partners make them feel? Relationship enhancement motives and stress determine the link between implicitly assessed partner attitudes \u8230?}\line
LL Hicks, JK McNulty, R Faure, AL Meltzer, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (10.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54171-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54171-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Do people realize the evaluative feelings that are spontaneously activated by their partner? If so, do they use those evaluations when judging their romantic relationships? To answer \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A propensity-score matched study of changes in loneliness surrounding major life events.}\line
S Buecker, JJA Denissen, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/669/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/669/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Major life events are often discussed as triggers of loneliness. However, longitudinal studies with frequent assessments investigating changes in loneliness surrounding major life events \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b More threatening and more diagnostic: How moral comparisons differ from social comparisons.}\line
A Fleischmann, J Lammers, K Diel, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-20311-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-20311-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research tests how comparisons in the moral domain differ from other social comparisons in three ways. First, an initial experience-sampling study shows that people \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Jumping to conclusions: Implications for reasoning errors, false belief, knowledge corruption, and impeded learning.}\line
C Sanchez, D Dunning (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/3/789/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/3/789/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In schizophrenia research, patients who \u8220?jump to conclusions\u8221? in probabilistic reasoning tasks tend to display impaired decision-making and delusional belief. In five studies, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The social-safety system: Fortifying relationships in the face of the unforeseeable.}\line
SL Murray, V Lamarche, MD Seery, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-31794-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-31794-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A model of the social-safety system is proposed to explain how people sustain a sense of safety in the relational world when they are not able to foresee the behavior of others. In this \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A configural approach to aspirations: The social breadth of aspiration profiles predicts well-being over and above the intrinsic and extrinsic aspirations that comprise \u8230?}\line
EL Bradshaw, BK Sahdra, J Ciarrochi, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (13.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/226/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/226/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We conducted a person-centered analysis of the Aspiration Index to identify subgroups that differ in the levels of their specific (wealth, fame and image, personal growth, relationships \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Choice changes preferences, not merely reflects them: A meta-analysis of the artifact-free free-choice paradigm.}\line
M Enisman, H Shpitzer, T Kleiman (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/16/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/16/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i One of the prominent, by now seminal, paradigms in the research tradition of cognitive dissonance (Festinger, 1957) is the free-choice paradigm developed by Brehm (1956) to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Danger or dislike: Distinguishing threat from negative valence as sources of automatic anti-Black bias.}\line
DS March, L Gaertner, MA Olson (2021)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-13495-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-13495-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The Dual Implicit Process Model (March et al., 2018b) distinguishes the implicit processing of physical threat (ie,\u8220?Can it hurt or kill me?\u8221?) from valence (ie,\u8220?Do I dislike/like \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Minimal but not meaningless: Seemingly arbitrary category labels can imply more than group membership.}\line
Y Hong, KG Ratner (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (9.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-61363-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-61363-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Minimal group paradigms tend to involve contrived group distinctions, such as dot estimation tendencies and aesthetic preferences. Researchers assume that these novel category \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who in the world is trying to change their personality traits? Volitional personality change among college students in six continents.}\line
E Baranski, G Gardiner, D Lee, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-13495-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-13495-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent research conducted largely in the United States suggests that most people would like to change one or more of their personality traits. Yet almost no research has investigated \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A matter of flexibility: Changing outgroup attitudes through messages with negations.}\line
K Winter, A Scholl, K Sassenberg (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-47031-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-47031-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Attitudes toward outgroups are an important determinant of peaceful coexistence in diverse societies, but it is difficult to improve them. The current research studies the impact of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Act boldly: Important life decisions, courage, and the motivated pursuit of risk.}\line
D Gal, DD Rucker (2021)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1607/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1607/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do people respond to risk in important life decisions? For example, when presented with the opportunity to leave one's job to start a business\u8212?a risky proposition for most\u8212?or to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Category salience and racial bias in weapon identification: A diffusion modeling approach.}\line
AR Todd, DJ Johnson, B Lassetter, R Neel, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-48940-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-48940-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Stereotypes linking Black Americans with guns can have life-altering outcomes, making it important to identify factors that shape such weapon identification biases and how \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is perceived similarity more than assumed similarity? An interpersonal path to seeing similarity between self and others.}\line
BT Hughes, JC Flournoy, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (7.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/184/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/184/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People perceive similarity between their own personality characteristics and the personality characteristics of others. This association has sometimes been labeled \u8220?assumed similarity,\u8221? \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Psychological affordances help explain where a self-transcendent purpose intervention improves performance.}\line
SL Reeves, MD Henderson, GL Cohen, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Lay theory interventions instill situation-general ways of thinking, often using short reading and writing exercises, and they have led to lasting changes in behavior and performance in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Better to give than reciprocate? Status and reciprocity in prosocial exchange.}\line
FJ Flynn, A Yu (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-10896-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-10896-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Reciprocity implies equality in the giving and receiving of benefits. However, we find that reciprocity does not generate equal benefits, in terms of social status. Instead, across 7 \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Instrumental use erodes sacred values.}\line
RL Ruttan, LF Nordgren (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (7.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-07851-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-07851-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A fundamental feature of sacred values like environmental-protection, patriotism, and diversity is individuals' resistance to trading off these values in exchange for material benefit \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effect of gender and male distinctiveness threat on prejudice against homosexuals.}\line
C Vieira de Figueiredo, CR Pereira (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-21578-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-21578-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Positive distinctiveness threat is central for understanding ingroup bias, but its role in gender differences in the expression of sexual prejudice is not yet satisfactorily elucidated. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Trading in search of structure: Market relationships as a compensatory control tool.}\line
A Gasiorowska, T Zaleskiewicz (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-27299-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-27299-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Rooting our model in the compensatory control theory, we propose that one reason behind the prevalence of market relationships in modern society is that the fundamental need for \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does parental education influence child educational outcomes? A developmental analysis in a full-population sample and adoptee design.}\line
SG Ludeke, M Gensowski, SY Junge, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-38997-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-38997-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Children's educational outcomes are strongly correlated with their parents' educational attainment. This finding is often attributed to the family environment\u8212?assuming, for instance \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b I'm up here! Sexual objectification leads to feeling ostracized.}\line
M Dvir, JR Kelly, JM Tyler, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-59636-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-59636-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Theory and research demonstrate that women are frequently the targets of sexually objectifying behavior, viewed and treated by others as mere objects for pleasure and use \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Gendered racial boundary maintenance: Social penalties for White women in interracial relationships.}\line
A Stillwell, BS Lowery (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (8.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-68091-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-68091-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Throughout American history, formal laws and social norms have discouraged interracial romantic relationships. Interracial relationships blur the boundaries between racial groups \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The structure of adolescent temperament and associations with psychological functioning: A replication and extension of Snyder et al.(2015).}\line
KM Lawson, OE Atherton, ... (2021)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-14133-001?utm_source=researcher_app&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=RESR_MRKT_Researcher_inbound"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-14133-001?utm_source=researcher_app&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=RESR_MRKT_Researcher_inbound}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present study attempts to replicate and extend Snyder et al.(2015, JPSP). The original study examined the latent factor structure of the Early Adolescent Temperament \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Pursuing interpersonal value: An interdependence perspective.}\line
EP Lemay Jr, JE Ryan, N Teneva (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-53952-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-53952-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research examined the interpersonal implications of pursuing goals to be valued by others as a relationship partner, termed interpersonal value goals. Across 3 experiments \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Dampening affect via expectations: The case of ambivalence.}\line
GRO Durso, RE Petty, P Bri\'f1ol, JJ Siev, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-49908-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-49908-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often form attitudes based on a mixture of positive and negative information. This can result in mixed evaluative reactions that are associated with feeling conflicted and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The design stance, intentional stance, and teleological beliefs about biological and nonbiological natural entities.}\line
AJ Roberts, SJ Handley, V Polito (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (4.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-62482-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-62482-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Teleology involves an appeal to function to explain why things are the way they are. Among scientists and philosophers, teleological explanations are widely accepted for human-made \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who influences meta-accuracy? It takes two to know the impressions we make.}\line
N Elsaadawy, EN Carlson, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-85481-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-85481-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People's beliefs about how other people perceive their personality tend to be fairly accurate, but how does accuracy arise? The current research answers this question by testing three \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Forming impressions from self-truncated samples of traits\u8722? interplay of Thurstonian and Brunswikian sampling effects.}\line
J Prager, K Fiedler (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/474/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/474/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Consistent with sampling theories in judgment and decision research, impression judgments depend on the number of traits drawn randomly from a population of target person traits in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The souls of Black folk (and the weight of Black ancestry) in US Black Americans' racial categorization.}\line
SO Roberts, C Bareket-Shavit, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81180-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81180-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We theorized that from the perspective of US Black Americans, a connection to Black ancestry\u8212?and the historical hardship associated with that ancestry\u8212?plays an important role \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The precautious nature of prestige: When leaders are hypervigilant to subtle signs of social disapproval.}\line
CR Case, KK Bae, KT Larsen, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-45473-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-45473-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Some group leaders exhibit hypervigilance to signs of social disapproval and that vigilance manifests at basic levels of social information processing such as visual attention and face \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Extraversion but not depression predicts reward sensitivity: Revisiting the measurement of anhedonic phenotypes.}\line
SD Blain, TA Sassenberg, M Xi, D Zhao, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-81352-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-81352-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recently, increasing efforts have been made to define and measure dimensional phenotypes associated with psychiatric disorders. One example is a probabilistic reward \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Spontaneous state inferences.}\line
F Kruse, J Degner (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-82677-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-82677-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Perceivers routinely draw inferences about others from their behavior in an attempt to make sense of the world. Previous research has established that spontaneous inferences include \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A matter of taste: Gustatory sensitivity predicts political ideology.}\line
BC Ruisch, RA Anderson, Y Inbar, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-65099-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-65099-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research has shown that political attitudes are highly heritable, but the proximal physiological mechanisms that shape ideology remain largely unknown. Based on work \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The streaking star effect: Why people want superior performance by individuals to continue more than identical performance by groups.}\line
J Walker, T Gilovich (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/3/559/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/3/559/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We present evidence in 9 studies (n= 2,625) for the Streaking Star Effect\u8212?people's greater desire to see runs of successful performance by individuals continue more than identical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The sex premium in religiously motivated moral judgment.}\line
LSE Hone, TG McCauley, EJ Pedersen, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-36543-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-36543-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent theorizing suggests that religious people's moral convictions are quite strategic (albeit unconsciously so), designed to make their worlds more amenable to their favored \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Need some help, honey? Dependency-oriented helping relations between women and men in the domestic sphere.}\line
O Bareket, N Shnabel, A Kende, N Knab, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1175/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1175/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Five studies (N= 2,339) found that men and women, especially if high on benevolent sexism, engage in dependency-oriented cross-gender helping relations in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does social psychology persist over half a century? A direct replication of Cialdini et al.'s (1975) classic door-in-the-face technique.}\line
O Genschow, M Westfal, J Crusius, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-75414-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-75414-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many failed replications in social psychology have cast doubt on the validity of the field. Most of these replication attempts have focused on findings published from the 1990s on, ignoring \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Creative thinking facilitates perspective taking.}\line
Z Yang, IW Hung (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (4.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-85409-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-85409-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The authors propose that an individual's disposition for perspective taking may be facilitated by creative thinking, which involves a cognitive procedure with shifting angles and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reminder avoidance: Why people hesitate to disclose their insecurities to friends.}\line
S Kim, PJ Liu, KE Min (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54830-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54830-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People seek and receive support from friends through self-disclosure. However, when self-disclosures reveal personal insecurities, do people rely on friends as an audience as they \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do I support that it's good or oppose that it's bad? The effect of support-oppose framing on attitude sharing.}\line
R Catapano, ZL Tormala (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-19669-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-19669-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The rise of social media has led to unprecedented opportunities for individuals to share, or express, their attitudes on social and political issues. What factors affect whether individuals \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Identifying the dimensions of secrets to reduce their harms.}\line
ML Slepian, A Koch (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1431/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1431/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How does the content of secrets relate to their harms? We identified a data-driven model (across five empirical steps), which suggested that secrets are generally seen to differ in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Slow lies: Response delays promote perceptions of insincerity.}\line
I Ziano, D Wang (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1457/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1457/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Evaluating other people's sincerity is a ubiquitous and important part of social interactions. Fourteen experiments (total N= 7,565; 10 preregistered; 11 in the main article, three in the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Situational determinants of young children's gratitude: The effects of perceived intentionality and the value of the benefit on gratitude and prosocial behavior.}\line
A Shoshani, O Aharon-Dvir, D Hain, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/914/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/4/914/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across a series of studies, we examined the effects of the intentionality of the benefactor and the value of the benefit on 3-to 6-year-old children's gratitude, using an experimental design \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Longitudinal associations between negative life events and depressive symptoms\u8212?A 9-year longitudinal study on between-person and within-person effects and the \u8230?}\line
D Maciejewski, E van Sprang, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/707/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/3/707/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research has shown that negative life events contribute to the development of depression. Moreover, it has been suggested that individuals with a family history of depression \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Evaluating categories from experience: The simple averaging heuristic.}\line
TKA Woiczyk, G Le Mens (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (1.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-89474-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-89474-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We analyze how people form evaluative judgments about categories based on their experiences with category members. Prior research suggests that such evaluative \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When \u8220?enemies\u8221? become close: Relationship formation among Palestinians and Jewish Israelis at a youth camp.}\line
S White, J Schroeder, JL Risen (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/76/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/76/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Having close relationships with outgroup members is an especially powerful form of intergroup contact that can reduce prejudice. Rather than examine the consequences of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The detriments of unmet sexual ideals and buffering effect of sexual communal strength.}\line
RN Balzarini, A Muise, K Dobson, T Kohut, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1521/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1521/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite the importance of sex for the maintenance of satisfying romantic relationships, our understanding of a person's sexual ideals\u8212?the traits and attributes a person desires in a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Evaluations of empathizers depend on the target of empathy.}\line
YA Wang, AR Todd (2021)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69773-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69773-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Psychological research on empathy typically focuses on understanding its effects on empathizers and empathic targets. Little is known, however, about the effects of empathy \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How trust and distrust shape perception and memory.}\line
AC Posten, F Gino (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/43/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/1/43/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Trust is a key ingredient in decision making, as it allows us to rely on the information we receive. Although trust is usually viewed as a positive element of decision making, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How state and trait versions of self-esteem and depressive symptoms affect their interplay: A longitudinal experimental investigation.}\line
L Braun, R G\'f6llner, S Rieger, U Trautwein, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29814-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29814-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i States and traits are important concepts in psychological research. They can be operationalized (a) by using measures that employ different time frames and (b) by applying \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Individual differences in three aspects of evaluation: The motives to have, learn, and express attitudes.}\line
M Xu, RE Petty, N Wright, P Bri\'f1ol (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/2/257/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/121/2/257/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We report seven studies that introduce and validate two unique aspects of evaluation that supplement the original Need to Evaluate (NE) scale (Jarvis &Petty, 1996). Whereas the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When my actions shape your looks: Experience-based properties of approach/avoidance bias the visual representation of others.}\line
M Rougier, M Schmitz, V Yzerbyt (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (2.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-60638-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-60638-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The literature on the approach/avoidance training (AAT) effect has focused on its evaluative consequences (with approached stimuli evaluated as more positive than avoided ones) \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When racism and sexism benefit Black and female politicians: Politicians' ideology moderates prejudice's effect more than politicians' demographic background.}\line
H Bai (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1480/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/6/1480/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Using large samples that are nationally diverse or nationally representative (total N= 44,836), this article presents evidence that citizens' prejudice does not usually benefit or \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When the going gets tough, the committed get going: Preexisting goal commitment determines the consequences of experiencing regulatory nonfit.}\line
ZA Niese, LK Libby, AM Pfent (2021)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (1.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81540-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81540-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A body of empirical research shows that pursuing goals via means that do not fit (vs. do fit) one's regulatory mode creates resistance that disrupts motivation. However, other empirical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?I'm just being honest.\u8221? When and why honesty enables help versus harm.}\line
E Levine, D Munguia Gomez (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/33/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/1/33/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although honesty is typically conceptualized as a virtue, it often conflicts with other equally important moral values, such as avoiding interpersonal harm. In the present research, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Examining emotional tool use in daily life.}\line
AC Weidman, E Kross (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1344/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/5/1344/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Emotions such as anger, gratitude, envy, and pride can be thought of as tools: They tend to serve context-specific functions in daily life. Prior work has shown that people can use \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceiving personality through the grapevine: A network approach to reputations.}\line
CK Costello, S Srivastava (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54565-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-54565-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Reputations are critical in human social life: they allow people to share and act on information about one another, even when they have never met. Reputations can be \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Physical effects of daily stressors are psychologically mediated, heterogeneous, and bidirectional.}\line
MR Goldring, N Bolger (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-07520-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-07520-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Prior research shows that daily stressors lead to greater psychological distress. A separate body of research links daily stressors to physical symptoms such as backaches and stomach \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Miscalibration in predicting one's performance: Disentangling misplacement and misestimation.}\line
I Engeler, G H\'e4ubl (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (2.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/940/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/940/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When people predict their performance, they can be miscalibrated in two ways\u8212?they may mispredict how they will perform relative to others (misplacement) and how they will perform \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Distinguishing deliberate from systematic thinking.}\line
A Amit, S Mentser, S Arieli, ... (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-15346-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-15346-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Deliberate thinking and systematic thinking are often conflated when contrasted with intuitive thinking. We argue that, in fact, nonintuitive thinking is multidimensional, and that deliberate \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Long live A (me) rica! An examination of the interplay between nationalistic\u8211?symbolic immortality striving and belief in life after death.}\line
A Scott, J Schimel, M Sharp (2021)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (2.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/861/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/120/4/861/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Terror management theory (TMT) proposes that the awareness of our eventual death is at odds with our evolved desire to live and that humans attempt to resolve this psychological \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Attitudes, behavior, and institutional inversion: The case of debt.}\line
D Cohen, F Shin, RM Lawless (2021)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (1.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11294-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11294-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Psychologists often posit relatively straightforward attitude-behavior links. They also often study cultural arrangements as manifestations of attitudes and values writ large. However \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do correctional facilities correct our youth?: Effects of incarceration and court-ordered community service on personality development.}\line
KL Bollich-Ziegler, ED Beck, PL Hill, ... (2021)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-09213-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-09213-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Millions of individuals are currently incarcerated in the United States. However, little is known about the effects of incarceration on personality development, particularly during the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Suppressor effects in self-enhancement research: A critical comment on condition-based regression analysis.}\line
K Fiedler (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85091-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85091-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-enhancement conceived as a positive relation between happiness (H) and the difference S\u8211?O (self-rating S minus objective measure O) is inherently confounded with a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Working-Together Normative Appeals: Normative appeals motivate people to contribute to collective action problems more when they invite people to work together \u8230?}\line
L Howe, PB Carr, GM Walton (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, zora.uzh.ch\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.zora.uzh.ch/id/eprint/206821/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.zora.uzh.ch/id/eprint/206821/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A common method to promote behavior change, particularly in contexts related to collective action, is to reference a social norm and ask people to comply with it. We argue that such \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The husband-older age gap in marriage is associated with selective fitness.}\line
BW Pelham (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11221-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11221-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Wives are usually younger than their husbands. Although this has been replicated across time and culture, there is no previous evidence of the likely evolutionary underpinnings of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effect of group membership and individuating information on automatic and deliberate evaluation of well-known people.}\line
M Navon, A Shechter, Y Bar-Anan (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81166-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81166-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People's automatic (unintentional, uncontrollable, and efficient) preference between social groups often determines their automatic preference between unknown individual members \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Measures of political ideology and beliefs are not appropriate for measuring ideologies in people's heads because they primarily measure stable traits}\line
MJ Brandt, GS Morgan (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, files.de-1.osf.io, cited by 1 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://files.de-1.osf.io/v1/resources/xhs9g/providers/osfstorage/60803e2b9b0849008d03e9d5?format=pdf&action=download&direct&version=1"}{\fldrslt \ul https://files.de-1.osf.io/v1/resources/xhs9g/providers/osfstorage/60803e2b9b0849008d03e9d5?format=pdf&action=download&direct&version=1}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Ideology and political beliefs are individual-level phenomena that are intended to describe the political thoughts of a person. However, the modal study of the structure of political \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The Structure of Adolescent Temperament and Associations With Psychological Functioning: A Replication and Extension of}\line
KM Lawson, OE Atherton, ... (2021)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/psycarticles/2021-14133-001.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/psycarticles/2021-14133-001.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present study attempts to replicate and extend Snyder et al.(2015, JPSP). The original study examined the latent factor structure of the Early Adolescent Temperament \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Discrimination is not just Black and White: A consideration of self-expansion and perspective taking}\line
AJ Caselli, LV Machia (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology \u8230?, cited by 2 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The psychology of asymmetric zero-sum thinking}\line
R Roberts, S Davidai (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (1.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The friend number paradox.}\line
K Si, X Dai, RS Wyer Jr (2021)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29614-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29614-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We identify a friend number paradox, that is, a mismatch between people's preferences for the friends they might acquire in social interactions and their predictions of others' \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Trust in Everyday Life}\line
W Alexa, M Corinna, B Pascal, O Axel, H Wilhelm (2021)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 1 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Play, philosophy and performance/edited by}\line
E Ryall (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, api.taylorfrancis.com\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://api.taylorfrancis.com/content/books/mono/download?identifierName=doi&identifierValue=10.4324/9780429323737&type=googlepdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://api.taylorfrancis.com/content/books/mono/download?identifierName=doi&identifierValue=10.4324/9780429323737&type=googlepdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Title: Play, philosophy and performance/edited by Malcolm MacLean, Wendy Russell and Emily Ryall. Description: First Edition.| New York: Routledge, 2021.| Includes bibliographical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Conduct and Reporting of Research}\line
CW Leach (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1037/pspi0000226"}{\fldrslt \ul https://doi.org/10.1037/pspi0000226}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Methods and statistics serve to guide (inherently uncertain) inference by working as forms of principled argument (Abelson, 1995). Power analysis, effect size, and confidence intervals \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Smile Pretty and Watch Your Back: Personal Safety Anxiety and Vigilance in Objectification Theory (vol 121, pg 1195, 2020)}\line
RM Calogero, TL Tylka, ... (2021)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b COVID-19. La questione di genere (20 maggio 2021)}\line
M Zupi (2021)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cespi.it\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.cespi.it/sites/default/files/osservatori/allegati/covid_e_genere_-_20_maggio_2021.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.cespi.it/sites/default/files/osservatori/allegati/covid_e_genere_-_20_maggio_2021.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Servir\'e0 una diversa normalit\'e0 per orientarsi e uscire dai tempi oscuri e agitati del Covid-19 e creare le condizioni perch\'e9 ci siano prospettive migliori di vita (anzitutto per chi, in \u8230?}\par}
}
