{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deftab1080
{\stylesheet{\s0\fs24\sa120 Normal;}{\s1\fs44\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 1;}{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 2;}{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 3;}{\s4\fs32\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 4;}{\s5\fs28\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 5;}{\s6\fs24\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 6;}}
{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from 2017 to 2017, no patents\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Publish or Perish 8.9.4538.8589 (extended report)\line
WinPosix (x64) edition, running on WinPosix 10.0.22631 (x64)}\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Search terms\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Publication name:} Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\line
{\b Years:} 2017 to 2017\line
{\b Other options:} include citations; exclude patents\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Data retrieval\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Data source:} Google Scholar\line
{\b Search date:} 2023-08-22 15:47:17 -00400\line
{\b Cache date:} 2023-08-22 21:00:20 -00400\line
{\b Search result:} [0] No error\line
\line
{\i {\b Important:} This data source provides only abbreviated data. Any ellipses (... marks) shown in this report originate with the data source; they are NOT caused by subsequent processing in Publish or Perish.}\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Metrics\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reference date:} 2023-08-22 21:00:20 -00400\line
{\b Publication years:} 2017-2017\line
{\b Citation years:} 6 (2017-2023)\line
{\b Papers:} 128\line
{\b Citations:} 12865\line
{\b Citations/year:} 2144.17 (acc1=97, acc2=95, acc5=78, acc10=62, acc20=30)\line
{\b Citations/paper:} 100.51\line
{\b Citations/author:} 4635.57\line
{\b Papers/author:} 56.39\line
{\b Authors/paper:} 2.93/3.0/4 (mean/median/mode)\line
{\b Age-weighted citation rate:} 2144.00 (sqrt=46.30), 772.43/author\line
{\b Hirsch h-index:} 62 (a=3.35, m=10.33, 11747 cites=91.3% coverage)\line
{\b Egghe g-index:} 113 (g/h=1.82, 12848 cites=99.9% coverage)\line
{\b PoP hI,norm:} 35\line
{\b PoP hI,annual:} 5.83\line
{\b Fassin hA-index:} 24\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Results\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The next Big Five Inventory (BFI-2): Developing and assessing a hierarchical model with 15 facets to enhance bandwidth, fidelity, and predictive power.}\line
CJ Soto, OP John (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1667 (277.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/1/117/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/1/117/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 113 (1) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2017-26058-001). In the article, all \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Much ado about grit: A meta-analytic synthesis of the grit literature.}\line
M Cred\'e9, MC Tynan, PD Harms (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1617 (269.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/3/492/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/3/492/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Grit has been presented as a higher order personality trait that is highly predictive of both success and performance and distinct from other traits such as conscientiousness. This \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Two axes of subordination: A new model of racial position.}\line
LX Zou, S Cheryan (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 375 (62.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08699-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08699-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Theories of race relations have been shaped by the concept of a racial hierarchy along which Whites are the most advantaged and African Americans the most disadvantaged \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Racial bias in judgments of physical size and formidability: From size to threat.}\line
JP Wilson, K Hugenberg, NO Rule (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 363 (60.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-11085-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-11085-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Black men tend to be stereotyped as threatening and, as a result, may be disproportionately targeted by police even when unarmed. Here, we found evidence that biased perceptions of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The dark side of the sublime: Distinguishing a threat-based variant of awe.}\line
AM Gordon, JE Stellar, CL Anderson, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 354 (59.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59114-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59114-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Theoretical conceptualizations of awe suggest this emotion can be more positive or negative depending on specific appraisal processes. However, the emergent scientific study of awe \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Awe, the diminished self, and collective engagement: Universals and cultural variations in the small self.}\line
Y Bai, LA Maruskin, S Chen, AM Gordon, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 308 (51.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/2/185/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/2/185/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Awe has been theorized as a collective emotion, one that enables individuals to integrate into social collectives. In keeping with this theorizing, we propose that awe diminishes the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality traits below facets: The consensual validity, longitudinal stability, heritability, and utility of personality nuances.}\line
R M\'f5ttus, C Kandler, W Bleidorn, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 299 (49.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-21274-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-21274-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i It has been argued that facets do not represent the bottom of the personality hierarchy\u8212?even more specific personality characteristics, nuances, could be useful for describing and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Duplicity among the dark triad: Three faces of deceit.}\line
DN Jones, DL Paulhus (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 290 (48.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/2/329/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/2/329/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although all 3 of the Dark Triad members are predisposed to engage in exploitative interpersonal behavior, their motivations and tactics vary. Here we explore their distinctive \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Big Five personality stability, change, and codevelopment across adolescence and early adulthood.}\line
J Borghuis, JJA Denissen, D Oberski, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 219 (36.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09436-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09436-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Using data from 2 large and overlapping cohorts of Dutch adolescents, containing up to 7 waves of longitudinal data each (N= 2,230), the present study examined Big Five personality \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effects of implicit gender role theories on gender system justification: Fixed beliefs strengthen masculinity to preserve the status quo.}\line
LJ Kray, L Howland, AG Russell, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 220 (36.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/1/98/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/1/98/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Four studies (n= 1199) tested support for the idea that implicit theories about the fixedness versus malleability of gender roles (entity vs. incremental theories) predict \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Narcissism and romantic relationships: The differential impact of narcissistic admiration and rivalry.}\line
SN Wurst, TM Gerlach, M Dufner, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 216 (36.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-41149-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-41149-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Narcissism is known to be related to romantic success in short-term contexts (dating, early stage relationships) but also to problems in long-term committed relationships. We propose \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b CAPTION-ing the situation: A lexically-derived taxonomy of psychological situation characteristics.}\line
S Parrigon, SE Woo, L Tay, T Wang (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 217 (36.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-40096-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-40096-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In comparison with personality taxonomic research, there has been much less advancement toward establishing an integrative taxonomy of psychological situation characteristics \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Puffed-up but shaky selves: State self-esteem level and variability in narcissists.}\line
K Geukes, S Nestler, R Hutteman, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 212 (35.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-55335-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-55335-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Different theoretical conceptualizations characterize grandiose narcissists by high, yet fragile self-esteem. Empirical evidence, however, has been inconsistent, particularly \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b It doesn't hurt to ask: Question-asking increases liking.}\line
K Huang, M Yeomans, AW Brooks, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 212 (35.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18566-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18566-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Conversation is a fundamental human experience that is necessary to pursue intrapersonal and interpersonal goals across myriad contexts, relationships, and modes of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Consequences, norms, and generalized inaction in moral dilemmas: The CNI model of moral decision-making.}\line
B Gawronski, J Armstrong, P Conway, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 215 (35.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-34831-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-34831-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on moral dilemma judgments has been fundamentally shaped by the distinction between utilitarianism and deontology. According to the principle of utilitarianism, the moral \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The unique contributions of perceiver and target characteristics in person perception.}\line
E Hehman, CAM Sutherland, JK Flake, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 202 (33.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-20210-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-20210-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Models of person perception have long asserted that our impressions of others are guided by characteristics of both the target and perceiver. However, research has not yet \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Solidarity through shared disadvantage: Highlighting shared experiences of discrimination improves relations between stigmatized groups.}\line
CI Cortland, MA Craig, JR Shapiro, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 184 (30.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/4/547/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/4/547/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Intergroup relations research has largely focused on relations between members of dominant groups and members of disadvantaged groups. The small body of work examining \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Risky business: When humor increases and decreases status.}\line
TB Bitterly, AW Brooks, ... (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 168 (28.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-54537-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-54537-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across 8 experiments, we demonstrate that humor can influence status, but attempting to use humor is risky. The successful use of humor can increase status in both new and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Anti-profit beliefs: How people neglect the societal benefits of profit.}\line
A Bhattacharjee, J Dana, J Baron (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 163 (27.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/5/671/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/5/671/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Profit-seeking firms are stereotypically depicted as immoral and harmful to society. At the same time, profit-driven enterprise has contributed immensely to human prosperity. Though \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People both high and low on religious fundamentalism are prejudiced toward dissimilar groups.}\line
MJ Brandt, DR Van Tongeren (2017)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 163 (27.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2015-49839-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2015-49839-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 112 (1) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2016-61714-004). In the article, the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Transitions in romantic relationships and development of self-esteem.}\line
EC Luciano, U Orth (2017)\line
Journal of personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 162 (27.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-32761-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-32761-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research suggests that self-esteem increases during late adolescence and young adulthood, but that there is large interindividual variability in this development. However \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social and economic ideologies differentially predict prejudice across the political spectrum, but social issues are most divisive.}\line
JT Crawford, MJ Brandt, Y Inbar, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 153 (25.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-07143-004"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-07143-004}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Liberals and conservatives both express prejudice toward ideologically dissimilar others (Brandt et al., 2014). Previous work on ideological prejudice did not take advantage of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The visibility of social class from facial cues.}\line
RT Bjornsdottir, NO Rule (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 156 (26.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/4/530/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/4/530/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social class meaningfully impacts individuals' life outcomes and daily interactions, and the mere perception of one's socioeconomic standing can have significant ramifications. To \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Combating the sting of rejection with the pleasure of revenge: A new look at how emotion shapes aggression.}\line
DS Chester, CN DeWall (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 153 (25.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-52939-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-52939-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How does emotion explain the relationship between social rejection and aggression? Rejection reliably damages mood, leaving individuals motivated to repair their negatively \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Vocational interests assessed at the end of high school predict life outcomes assessed 10 years later over and above IQ and Big Five personality traits.}\line
G Stoll, S Rieger, O L\'fcdtke, B Nagengast, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 138 (23.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-41148-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-41148-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Vocational interests are important aspects of personality that reflect individual differences in motives, goals, and personal strivings. It is therefore plausible that these characteristics have \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The experience of secrecy.}\line
ML Slepian, JS Chun, MF Mason (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 137 (22.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The concept of secrecy calls to mind a dyadic interaction: one person hiding a secret from another during a conversation or social interaction. The current work, however \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Hierarchy in the eye of the beholder:(Anti-) egalitarianism shapes perceived levels of social inequality.}\line
NS Kteily, J Sheehy-Skeffington, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 139 (23.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-21275-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-21275-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Debate surrounding the issue of inequality and hierarchy between social groups has become increasingly prominent in recent years. At the same time, individuals disagree about \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Artful paltering: The risks and rewards of using truthful statements to mislead others.}\line
T Rogers, R Zeckhauser, F Gino, MI Norton, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 134 (22.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59847-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59847-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Paltering is the active use of truthful statements to convey a misleading impression. Across 2 pilot studies and 6 experiments, we identify paltering as a distinct form of deception \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The multidimensional nature of resilience to spousal loss.}\line
FJ Infurna, SS Luthar (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 127 (21.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-33916-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-33916-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Spousal loss can be one of the most devastating events to occur across one's life, resulting in difficulties across different spheres of adjustment; yet, past research on resilience to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Similarity in relationships as niche construction: Choice, stability, and influence within dyads in a free choice environment.}\line
AJ Bahns, CS Crandall, O Gillath, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 127 (21.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-05054-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-05054-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A series of field studies focused on the role of similarity as niche construction in friendships. Using a free-range dyad harvest method, we collected 11 independent samples with 1,523 \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The crowded life is a slow life: Population density and life history strategy.}\line
O Sng, SL Neuberg, MEW Varnum, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 115 (19.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/5/736/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/5/736/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The world population has doubled over the last half century. Yet, research on the psychological effects of human population density, once a popular topic, has decreased \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The state of social and personality science: Rotten to the core, not so bad, getting better, or getting worse?}\line
M Motyl, AP Demos, TS Carsel, BE Hanson, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 115 (19.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/1/34/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/1/34/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The scientific quality of social and personality psychology has been debated at great length in recent years. Despite research on the prevalence of Questionable Research Practices \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Too far to help: The effect of perceived distance on the expected impact and likelihood of charitable action.}\line
M Tour\'e9-Tillery, A Fishbach (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 111 (18.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09434-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09434-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Fact: Holding force constant, a snowball thrown from 10 feet away will hurt more than one thrown from 50 feet away; it will have more impact. We show that people expect charitable \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The grounded nature of psychological perspective-taking.}\line
TM Erle, S Topolinski (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 106 (17.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09438-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09438-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Psychological perspective-taking is a powerful social cognition that helps us to understand other people. It creates feelings of closeness and sympathy, motivates us to help others, and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The dark side of going abroad: How broad foreign experiences increase immoral behavior.}\line
JG Lu, J Quoidbach, F Gino, A Chakroff, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 107 (17.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Because of the unprecedented pace of globalization, foreign experiences are increasingly common and valued. Past research has focused on the benefits of foreign experiences \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?You're one of us\u8221?: Black Americans' use of hypodescent and its association with egalitarianism.}\line
AK Ho, NS Kteily, JM Chen (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 102 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-27169-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-27169-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on multiracial categorization has focused on majority group social perceivers (ie, White Americans), demonstrating that they (a) typically categorize Black\u8211?White multiracials \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reverse ego-depletion: Acts of self-control can improve subsequent performance in Indian cultural contexts.}\line
K Savani, V Job (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 100 (16.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-24735-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-24735-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The strength model of self-control has been predominantly tested with people from Western cultures. The present research asks whether the phenomenon of ego-depletion generalizes \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The religiosity as social value hypothesis: A multi-method replication and extension across 65 countries and three levels of spatial aggregation.}\line
JE Gebauer, C Sedikides, FD Sch\'f6nbrodt, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 97 (16.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-35566-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-35566-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Are religious people psychologically better or worse adjusted than their nonreligious counterparts? Hundreds of studies have reported a positive relation between religiosity and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Benefits of positive relationship experiences for avoidantly attached individuals.}\line
SCE Stanton, L Campbell, JC Pink (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 92 (15.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-31963-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-31963-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Attachment avoidance is characterized by discomfort with closeness and a reluctance to develop intimacy with romantic partners, which contribute to heightened general negativity \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How implicit theories of sexuality shape sexual and relationship well-being.}\line
JA Maxwell, A Muise, G MacDonald, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 96 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-52940-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-52940-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do people believe they can best maintain sexual satisfaction in their romantic relationships? In the current research, we draw upon the literature on implicit theories of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Preemptive strikes: Fear, hope, and defensive aggression.}\line
N Halevy (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 91 (15.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-46785-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-46785-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Preemptive strikes are costly and harmful. Existing models of defensive aggression focus narrowly on the role fear plays in motivating preemptive strikes. Theoretically integrating the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Replicability and other features of a high-quality science: Toward a balanced and empirical approach.}\line
EJ Finkel, PW Eastwick, HT Reis (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 84 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30567-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30567-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 113 (5) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2017-45261-002). In the commentary \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Freedom of racist speech: Ego and expressive threats.}\line
MH White II, CS Crandall (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 84 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17075-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17075-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Do claims of \u8220?free speech\u8221? provide cover for prejudice? We investigate whether this defense of racist or hate speech serves as a justification for prejudice. In a series of 8 studies (N \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Normative personality trait development in adulthood: A 6-year cohort-sequential growth model.}\line
P Milojev, CG Sibley (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 85 (14.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-54536-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-54536-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present study investigated patterns of normative change in personality traits across the adult life span (19 through 74 years of age). We examined change in extraversion \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How distinctive are morningness and eveningness from the Big Five factors of personality? A meta-analytic investigation.}\line
AA Lipnevich, M Cred\'e8, E Hahn, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 83 (13.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-60396-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-60396-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This study explores relations between measures of individuals' circadian preferences and the Big Five. To this end, we compared a model of circadian preferences that acknowledges \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Dispositional pathways to trust: Self-esteem and agreeableness interact to predict trust and negative emotional disclosure.}\line
MH McCarthy, JV Wood, JG Holmes (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 78 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-14278-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-14278-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Expressing our innermost thoughts and feelings is critical to the development of intimacy (Reis &Shaver, 1988), but also risks negative evaluation and rejection. Past research \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Race and recession: Effects of economic scarcity on racial discrimination.}\line
AR Krosch, TR Tyler, DM Amodio (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 76 (12.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-40491-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-40491-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When the economy declines, existing racial disparities typically expand, suggesting that economic scarcity may promote racial discrimination. To understand this pattern, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Sexual aggression when power is new: Effects of acute high power on chronically low-power individuals.}\line
MJ Williams, DH Gruenfeld, ... (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 77 (12.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-33914-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-33914-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous theorists have characterized sexually aggressive behavior as an expression of power, yet evidence that power causes sexual aggression is mixed. We hypothesize that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effect of mood on judgments of subjective well-being: Nine tests of the judgment model.}\line
SCY Yap, J Wortman, I Anusic, SG Baker, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 78 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59846-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59846-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Life satisfaction judgments are thought to represent an overall evaluation of the quality of a person's life as a whole. Thus, they should reflect relatively important and stable \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How stable is the personal past? Stability of most important autobiographical memories and life narratives across eight years in a life span sample.}\line
C K\'f6ber, T Habermas (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 74 (12.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-13229-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-13229-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Considering life stories as the most individual layer of personality (McAdams, 2013) implies that life stories, similar to personality traits, exhibit some stability throughout life. Although \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Parental educational attainment and adult offspring personality: An intergenerational life span approach to the origin of adult personality traits.}\line
AR Sutin, M Luchetti, Y Stephan, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 72 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-11240-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-11240-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Why do some individuals have more self-control or are more vulnerable to stress than others? Where do these basic personality traits come from? Although a fundamental \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Home alone: Why people believe others' social lives are richer than their own.}\line
S Deri, S Davidai, T Gilovich (2017)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-52741-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-52741-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although decades of research show that people tend to see themselves in the best possible light, we present evidence that people have a surprisingly grim outlook on their social lives \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Development of identity clarity and content in adulthood.}\line
J Lodi-Smith, SM Spain, K Cologgi, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 70 (11.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17124-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17124-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research examines self-concept clarity over 2 assessment points with the aims of establishing patterns of stability and change in self-concept clarity across adulthood \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Age, time period, and birth cohort differences in self-esteem: Reexamining a cohort-sequential longitudinal study.}\line
JM Twenge, NT Carter, ... (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 69 (11.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59411-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59411-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Orth, Trzesniewski, and Robins (2010) concluded that the nationally representative Americans' Changing Lives (ACL) cohort-sequential study demonstrated moderate to large \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Cultural variation in communal versus exchange norms: Implications for social support.}\line
JG Miller, H Akiyama, S Kapadia (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 68 (11.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08719-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08719-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Whereas an interdependent cultural view of self has been linked to communal norms and to socially supportive behavior, its relationship to social support has been called into question \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Dispositional contempt: A first look at the contemptuous person.}\line
RA Schriber, JM Chung, KS Sorensen, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 69 (11.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-28472-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-28472-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Contempt is a powerful emotion. Marriages fail (Gottman, 1994), coworkers are shamed (Melwani &Barsade, 2011), terrorism is tended toward (Tausch et al., 2011). Despite its \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Hypocritical flip-flop, or courageous evolution? When leaders change their moral minds.}\line
TA Kreps, K Laurin, AC Merritt (2017)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 64 (10.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25112-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25112-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do audiences react to leaders who change their opinion after taking moral stances? We propose that people believe moral stances are stronger commitments, compared with \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Christian self-enhancement.}\line
JE Gebauer, C Sedikides, A Schrade (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 65 (10.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-07264-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-07264-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People overestimate themselves in domains that are central to their self-concept. Critically, the psychological status of this \u8220?self-centrality principle\u8221? remains unclear. One view regards \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Knowledge of the self-control benefits of high-level versus low-level construal.}\line
KE MacGregor, JJ Carnevale, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-01382-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-01382-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research indicates that inducing high-level construal (processing that highlights invariant, essential features) relative to low-level construal (processing that highlights idiosyncratic \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Benefits of open and high-powered research outweigh costs.}\line
EP LeBel, L Campbell, TJ Loving (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30567-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30567-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Several researchers recently outlined unacknowledged costs of open science practices, arguing these costs may outweigh benefits and stifle discovery of novel findings. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Romantic relationships in the ecosystem: Compassionate goals, nonzero-sum beliefs, and change in relationship quality.}\line
J Crocker, A Canevello, KA Lewis (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-46615-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-46615-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i According to the egosystem-ecosystem theory of social motivation, people with ecosystem motivation believe their interpersonal relationships work in nonzero-sum ways. A \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b We look like our names: The manifestation of name stereotypes in facial appearance.}\line
Y Zwebner, AL Sellier, N Rosenfeld, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 65 (10.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08698-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08698-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 113 (4) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2017-42203-001). In the article, there was \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b To give or not to give? Interactive effects of status and legitimacy on generosity.}\line
NA Hays, SL Blader (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 58 (9.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-35230-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-35230-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although previous research has demonstrated that generosity can lead to status gains, the converse effect of status on generosity has received less attention. This is a significant gap \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Writer\u8211?reader contagion of inspiration and related states: Conditional process analyses within a cross-classified writer\'d7 reader framework.}\line
TM Thrash, LA Maruskin, EG Moldovan, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 55 (9.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-21276-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-21276-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A longstanding tradition in the humanities holds that a writer's inspiration is infectious, but this thesis has not been tested. We hypothesized that (a) inspiration is infectious, such that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On sanction-goal justifications: How and why deterrence justifications undermine rule compliance.}\line
M Mooijman, WW Van Dijk, E Van Dijk, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 50 (8.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-58122-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-58122-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Authorities frequently justify their sanctions as attempts to deter people from rule breaking. Although providing a sanction justification seems appealing and harmless, we propose that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The power and limits of personal change: When a bad past does (and does not) inspire in the present.}\line
N Klein, E O'Brien (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (7.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17076-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17076-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Observing other people improve their lives can be a powerful source of inspiration. Eight experiments explore the power, limits, and reasons for this power of personal change to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Openness to (reporting) experiences that one never had: Overclaiming as an outcome of the knowledge accumulated through a proclivity for cognitive and aesthetic \u8230?}\line
PD Dunlop, JS Bourdage, RE de Vries, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 50 (8.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-36107-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-36107-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Overclaiming\u8212?in which individuals overstate their level of familiarity with items\u8212?has been proposed as a potential indicator of positive self-presentation. However, the precise nature \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Word order denotes relevance differences: The case of conjoined phrases with lexical gender.}\line
S Kesebir (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (6.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/2/262/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/2/262/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This work explores the order of linguistic references to the two genders (eg, men and women vs. women and men). It argues that a gender is more likely to be mentioned first when it is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Moving on or digging deeper: Regulatory mode and interpersonal conflict resolution.}\line
CE Webb, PT Coleman, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (7.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-02062-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-02062-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Conflict resolution, in its most basic sense, requires movement and change between opposing motivational states. Although scholars and practitioners have long acknowledged \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The tipping point of perceived change: Asymmetric thresholds in diagnosing improvement versus decline.}\line
E O'Brien, N Klein (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 41 (6.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-01682-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-01682-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Change often emerges from a series of small doses. For example, a person may conclude that a happy relationship has eroded not from 1 obvious fight but from smaller unhappy \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Identity-specific motivation: How distinct identities direct self-regulation across distinct situations.}\line
AS Browman, M Destin, DC Molden (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-52741-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-52741-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on self-regulation has traditionally emphasized that people's thoughts and actions are guided by either (a) domain-general motivations that emerge from a cumulative history \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Understanding the cognitive and motivational underpinnings of sexual passion from a dualistic model.}\line
FL Philippe, RJ Vallerand, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (7.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59845-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-59845-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Sexual passion has always been conceptualized as a one-dimensional phenomenon that emerges from interactions with partners. Drawing from the literature on passionate activities \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Codevelopment of preschoolers' temperament traits and social play networks over an entire school year.}\line
JW Neal, CE Durbin, AE Gornik, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-04563-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-04563-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Children enter preschool with temperament traits that may shape or be shaped by their social interactions in the peer setting. We collected classroom observational measures of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Healthier than thou?\u8220?Practicing what you preach\u8221? backfires by increasing anticipated devaluation.}\line
LC Howe, B Monin (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (6.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08697-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08697-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 112 (5) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2017-17124-001). In the article, the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Valence asymmetries in attitude ambivalence.}\line
AI Snyder, ZL Tormala (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (5.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-10988-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-10988-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Existing models of ambivalence suggest that as the number of conflicting reactions (eg, attitude components) increases, so too does the experience of ambivalence. Interestingly \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A mixed-methods study of personality conceptions in the Levant: Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, and the West Bank.}\line
P Zeinoun, L Daouk-\'d6yry, L Choueiri, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 33 (5.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25113-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25113-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality taxonomies are investigated using either etic-style studies that test whether Western-developed models fit in a new culture, or emic-style studies that derive personality \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How winning changes motivation in multiphase competitions.}\line
S Huang, J Etkin, L Jin (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (4.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17892-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-17892-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What drives motivation in multiphase competitions? Adopting a dynamic approach, this research examines how temporary standing\u8212?being ahead of (vs. behind) one's opponent \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effects of gender composition on women's experience in math work groups.}\line
SS Grover, TA Ito, B Park (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (5.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09435-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09435-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present studies tested a model outlining the effects of group gender composition on self-and others' perceptions of women's math ability in a truly interactive setting with groups \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Rejecting a bad option feels like choosing a good one.}\line
H Perfecto, J Galak, JP Simmons, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (4.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-31804-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-31804-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Across 4,151 participants, the authors demonstrate a novel framing effect, attribute matching, whereby matching a salient attribute of a decision frame with that of a decision's \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The implicit power motive in intergroup dialogues about the history of slavery.}\line
RK Ditlmann, V Purdie-Vaughns, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (4.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-61714-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-61714-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research demonstrates that individual differences in the implicit power motive (ie, the concern with impact, influence, and control) moderate how African Americans communicate \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Consistency and inconsistency among romantic partners over time.}\line
PW Eastwick, KP Harden, JA Shukusky, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (5.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09433-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09433-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Theoretical perspectives on mating differentially emphasize whether (and why) romantic partner selection and maintenance processes derive from stable features of individuals (eg \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b He never willed to have the will he has: Historicist narratives,\u8220?civilized\u8221? blame, and the need to distinguish two notions of free will.}\line
MJ Gill, SC Cerce (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (4.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-00750-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-00750-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Harsh blame can be socially destructive. This article examines how harsh blame can be \u8220?civilized.\u8221? A core construct here is the historicist narrative, which is a story-like account of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Forgetting to remember our experiences: People overestimate how much they will retrospect about personal events.}\line
S Tully, T Meyvis (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-24736-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-24736-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People value experiences in part because of the memories they create. Yet, we find that people systematically overestimate how much they will retrospect about their experiences \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Functional intimacy: Needing\u8212?But not wanting\u8212?The touch of a stranger.}\line
J Schroeder, A Fishbach, C Schein, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (3.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/6/910/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/113/6/910/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Intimacy is often motivated by love, but sometimes it is merely functional. For example, disrobing and being touched at an airport security check serves the goal of catching a flight \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The ability to choose can increase satiation.}\line
JP Redden, KL Haws, J Chen (2017)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (4.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-01682-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-01682-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The ability to choose should let people create more enjoyable experiences. However, in a set of 5 studies, people who chose repeatedly during ongoing consumption exhibited a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The ugliness-in-averageness effect: Tempering the warm glow of familiarity.}\line
EW Carr, DE Huber, D Pecher, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (4.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-14886-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-14886-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Mere exposure (ie, stimulus repetition) and blending (ie, stimulus averaging) are classic ways to increase social preferences, including facial attractiveness. In both effects, increases \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Some evidence for the usefulness of an optimal foraging theory perspective on goal conflict and goal facilitation.}\line
MJ Tomasik, M Knecht, AM Freund (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (2.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-37176-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-37176-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Based on optimal foraging theory, we propose a metric that allows evaluating the goodness of goal systems, that is, systems comprising multiple goals with facilitative and conflicting \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b In defense of commitment: The curative power of violated expectations.}\line
SL Murray, VM Lamarche, S Gomillion, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (3.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18567-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18567-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A new model of commitment defense in romantic relationships is proposed. It assumes that relationships afford a central resource for affirming meaning and purpose in the world \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What's wrong with using steroids? Exploring whether and why people oppose the use of performance enhancing drugs.}\line
JF Landy, DK Walco, DM Bartels (2017)\line
Journal of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (2.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-20209-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-20209-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The use of performance enhancing drugs (PEDs) elicits widespread normative opposition, yet little research has investigated what underlies these judgments. We examine this \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The invisibility cloak illusion: People (incorrectly) believe they observe others more than others observe them.}\line
EJ Boothby, MS Clark, JA Bargh (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (3.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/4/589/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/112/4/589/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Whether at a coffee shop, in a waiting room, or riding the bus, people frequently observe the other people around them. Yet they often fail to realize how much other people engage in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Influence of indirect information on interpersonal trust despite direct information.}\line
P Zarolia, M Weisbuch, K McRae (2017)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (3.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-46616-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-46616-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Trust is integral to successful relationships. The development of trust stems from how one person treats others, and there are multiple ways to learn about someone's trust-relevant \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Developmental pathways linking childhood temperament with antisocial behavior and substance use in adolescence: Explanatory mechanisms in the peer \u8230?}\line
JM Buil, PAC Van Lier, MR Brendgen, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (3.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-14277-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-14277-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This study investigated 3 developmental pathways involving the peer environment that may explain how certain temperamental dispositions in childhood may become manifested in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The Goldilocks contract: The synergistic benefits of combining structure and autonomy for persistence, creativity, and cooperation.}\line
EY Chou, N Halevy, AD Galinsky, ... (2017)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (2.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18871-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18871-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Contracts are commonly used to regulate a wide range of interactions and relationships. Yet relying on contracts as a mechanism of control often comes at a cost to motivation \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Roads more and less traveled: Different emotional routes to creativity among Protestants and Catholics.}\line
E Kim, D Cohen (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (2.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09431-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09431-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Western culture has 2 contradictory images of creativity: the artist as intensely emotional versus the artist as sublimator, for whom work becomes the outlet for what is repressed and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Don't sleep on it: Less sleep reduces risk for depressive symptoms in cognitively vulnerable undergraduates.}\line
GJ Haeffel (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (1.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-45861-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-45861-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research tested a new theory of depression that integrates work on sleep and cognition. In general, good sleep is essential for physical and mental health. However, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Big five inventory-2}\line
CJ Soto, OP John (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (0.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1037/t64008-000"}{\fldrslt \ul https://doi.org/10.1037/t64008-000}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The Big Five Inventory-2 (BFI-2; Soto &John, 2017) is a major revision of the Big Five Inventory (BFI; John, Donahue, &Kentle, 1991). Several criteria were used to reduced \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Population densities and human life history strategies}\line
O Sng, SL Neuberg, MEW Varnum, DT Kenrick (2017)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 4 (0.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Hierarchy in the eye of the beholder: Social dominance orientation shapes the perception of inequality between groups}\line
NS Kteily, J Sheehy-Skeffington, AK Ho (2017)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 4 (0.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The Fourth Industrial Revolution and knowledge management: Early stage conceptualisation}\line
W Fleeson, E Jayawickreme, A Jones, NA Brown, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 3 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Religion, repulsion, and reaction formation}\line
D Cohen, E Kim, NW Hudson (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On sanction effectiveness: How and why sanction-goal justifications affect rule compliance}\line
M Mooijman, WW Van Dijk, E Van Dijk, N Ellemers (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What inverted U can do for your country: The curvilinear relationship between system justification and political engagement}\line
A Cichocka, P G\'f3rska, JT Jost, R Sutton, M Bilewicz (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The efficacy of multi-sensory writing instruction fernald on the dyslexia of dysgraphia and behaviuor adjustment of studentss dyslexia, disorder \u8230?}\line
A Pirn (2017)\line
Journal of personality and Social psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The next Big Five Inventory (BFI-2): developing and assessing a hierarchical model with 15 facets to enhance bandwidth, fidelity, and predictive power (vol \u8230?}\line
CJ Soto, OP John (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?, cited by 1 (0.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Replicability and Other Features of a High-Quality Science: Toward a Balanced and Empirical Approach (vol 113, pg 244, 2017)}\line
EJ Finkel, PW Eastwick, ... (2017)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b We Look Like Our Names: The Manifestation of Name Stereotypes in Facial Appearance (vol 112, pg 527, 2017)}\line
Y Zwebner, AL Sellier, ... (2017)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People Both High and Low on Religious Fundamentalism Are Prejudiced Toward Dissimilar Groups (vol 112, pg 76, 2017)}\line
MJ Brandt, DR Van Tongeren (2017)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Pengaruh Model Pembelajaran Kooperatif Tipe TGT (Teams Games Tournament) Dengan Bantuan Question Card Terhadap Hasil Belajar Matematika Siswa}\line
L Rahmalina (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, simki.unpkediri.ac.id, cited by 5 (0.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://simki.unpkediri.ac.id/mahasiswa/file_artikel/2017/12.1.01.05.0063.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul http://simki.unpkediri.ac.id/mahasiswa/file_artikel/2017/12.1.01.05.0063.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Penelitian ini dilatar belakangi dari hasil pengalaman dan pengamatan peneliti bahwa matematika selalu dianggap pelajaran yang sulit dimengerti dan membosankan \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b El aprendizaje cooperativo como estrategia para fortalecer las habilidades en la resoluci\'f3n de problemas con estructuras multiplicativas}\line
S \'c1lvarez (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 13 (2.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b H\'e1bitos de estudio en los estudiantes del primero y segundo de secundaria de una Instituci\'f3n Educativa Nacional del distrito de San Juan de Lurigancho \u8230?}\line
E C\'e1rcamo (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 8 (1.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Ta\u351?k\'f6pr\'fc (Kastamonu) At\u305?ksu Ar\u305?tma Tesisi \u304?\'e7in Proje A\u351?amas\u305?nda \'f6ng\'f6r\'fclen ve mevcut durumda sa\u287?lanan verimin s\'fcreklili\u287?inin kar\u351?\u305?la\u351?t\u305?r\u305?lmas\u305?}\line
A \u350?ama (2017)\line
Journal Of Personality And Social Psychology, cited by 5 (0.83 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Identificaci\'f3n de genes de resistencia a Betalact\'e1micos de cepas (BLEE) en dos especies de aves silvestres: Cormor\'e1n Neotropical (Phalacrocorax \u8230?}\line
N Reyes (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 4 (0.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Pemaparan Metode Penelitian Kuantitatif}\line
W Fleeson (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Sistema de prevenci\'f3n de riesgos ergon\'f3micos para el personal administrativo en el Hospital Andino de Chimborazo, de mayo a septiembre del 2017}\line
V Tixe (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Hubungan Antara Pengendalian Diri (Self Control) Dengan Kematangan Emosi Siswa Kelas Xi Di Smk Pelayaran Hang Tuah Kediri Tahun}\line
T Pradina (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (0.50 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b la progresividad en los impuestos directos para una adecuada redistribuci\'f3n de la riqueza y la configuraci\'f3n de la justicia tributaria en el Ecuador}\line
P Correa (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b OS EFEITOS DO ROUNDUP\'ae(GLIFOSATO [N-(FOSFONOMETIL) GLICINA]) NO DESENVOLVIMENTO EMBRION\'c1RIO E METABOLISMO ENERG\'c9TICO \u8230?}\line
W Fleeson (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Texto Paralelo para el Curso E111. 6 Dise\'f1o, Ejecuci\'f3n y Evaluaci\'f3n de Proyectos Curriculares Facultad de Humanidades, Universidad de San Carlos \u8230?}\line
NM Corado Fuentes (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Estudio de variables psicol\'f3gicas en una muestra de golfistas de alto rendimiento}\line
J Fontelles (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Konsep Pendidikan Akhlak Menurut Imam Al-Ghazali}\line
WJ Fleeson, E Jayawickreme, ABAP Jones, NA Brown, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Descripci\'f3n y evaluaci\'f3n de complicaciones del tratamiento de coledocolitiasis con la escala de Clavien Dindo en el Hospital Enrique Garc\'e9s y Pablo \u8230?}\line
LE Proa\'f1o Valladares (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u-16212?\u-10612?\u-14224?\u-16212?. Conceptual, Strategic and Statistical Considerations}\line
\u-11851?\u-21308?\u-13139? (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Pelaksanaan Pemberian Kesempatan Kerja Bagi Penyandang Disabilitas Netra Di Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta}\line
A Tosirin (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Kemitraan Antara Pemerintah-Swasta Dalam Pembangunan Daerah Berbasis Daya Saing (Studi diKota Batam)}\line
AMR Manalu (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, jurnal.umrah.ac.id, cited by 1 (0.17 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://jurnal.umrah.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/gravity_forms/1-ec61c9cb232a03a96d0947c6478e525e/2017/08/JURNAL44.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul http://jurnal.umrah.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/gravity_forms/1-ec61c9cb232a03a96d0947c6478e525e/2017/08/JURNAL44.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Kemitraan atau kerjasama pemerintah\u8211?swasta menjadi hal yang sangat diperlukan sejak era Otonomi Daerah mulai diberlakukan disetiap daerah baik kota maupun kabupaten di \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Deficits in problem-solving ability and suicide-related behaviors: Evidence for the explanatory roles of thwarted belongingness and perceived \u8230?}\line
C Chu, KL Walker, IH Stanley, JK Hirsch, JH Greenberg, ... (2017)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b of thesis \u8220?Phew, I made it!\u8221?\u8211?A narrative study on the self-deprecation of young Finnish}\line
A Laurikka\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, core.ac.uk, cited by 1 (0.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/92854498.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/92854498.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The purpose of this master's thesis is to recognize why, how, and with what potential consequences do young Finnish women with an academic business education do self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Posture &Pressure Management: Social Psychological Explanations for Compliance with Use of Clinically Prescribed Seating Functions}\line
D Bowers, R Taylor, K Morgan, L Abbott\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, pmguk.co.uk\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pmguk.co.uk/web/data/page_files/Research/Final%20Report%2023-2-18.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.pmguk.co.uk/web/data/page_files/Research/Final%20Report%2023-2-18.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This report summarises a project conducted with users of powered wheelchairs to explore their experiences of their prescribed chair features. A series of semi-structured interviews \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b American Association on Mental Retardation.(2005). Ritardo Mentale: Definizione, Classifi-cazione e Sistemi di Sostegno.(10a edizione). Brescia: Vannini \u8230?}\line
TM Amabile, W DeJong, M Lepper, ...\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology\par}
}
