{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deftab1080
{\stylesheet{\s0\fs24\sa120 Normal;}{\s1\fs44\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 1;}{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 2;}{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 3;}{\s4\fs32\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 4;}{\s5\fs28\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 5;}{\s6\fs24\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 6;}}
{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from 2020 to 2020, no patents\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Publish or Perish 8.9.4538.8589 (extended report)\line
WinPosix (x64) edition, running on WinPosix 10.0.22631 (x64)}\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Search terms\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Publication name:} Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\line
{\b Years:} 2020 to 2020\line
{\b Other options:} include citations; exclude patents\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Data retrieval\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Data source:} Google Scholar\line
{\b Search date:} 2023-08-22 17:17:06 -00400\line
{\b Cache date:} 2023-08-22 22:31:11 -00400\line
{\b Search result:} [0] No error\line
\line
{\i {\b Important:} This data source provides only abbreviated data. Any ellipses (... marks) shown in this report originate with the data source; they are NOT caused by subsequent processing in Publish or Perish.}\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Metrics\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reference date:} 2023-08-22 22:31:11 -00400\line
{\b Publication years:} 2020-2020\line
{\b Citation years:} 3 (2020-2023)\line
{\b Papers:} 140\line
{\b Citations:} 7185\line
{\b Citations/year:} 2395.00 (acc1=132, acc2=127, acc5=113, acc10=84, acc20=37)\line
{\b Citations/paper:} 51.32\line
{\b Citations/author:} 2461.33\line
{\b Papers/author:} 48.40\line
{\b Authors/paper:} 3.28/3.0/4 (mean/median/mode)\line
{\b Age-weighted citation rate:} 2395.00 (sqrt=48.94), 820.44/author\line
{\b Hirsch h-index:} 50 (a=2.87, m=16.67, 5067 cites=70.5% coverage)\line
{\b Egghe g-index:} 78 (g/h=1.56, 6171 cites=85.9% coverage)\line
{\b PoP hI,norm:} 25\line
{\b PoP hI,annual:} 8.33\line
{\b Fassin hA-index:} 25\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Results\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The link between self-esteem and social relationships: A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.}\line
MA Harris, U Orth (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 405 (135.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1459/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1459/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Theorists have long assumed that people's self-esteem and social relationships influence each other. However, the empirical evidence has been inconsistent, creating substantial \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is well-being associated with the quantity and quality of social interactions?}\line
J Sun, K Harris, S Vazire (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 205 (68.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-62902-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-62902-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social relationships are often touted as critical for well-being. However, the vast majority of studies on social relationships have relied on self-report measures of both social \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What breeds conspiracy antisemitism? The role of political uncontrollability and uncertainty in the belief in Jewish conspiracy.}\line
M Kofta, W Soral, M Bilewicz (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 148 (49.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/900/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/900/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Belief in conspiracy theories about Jews is a prototypical example of how a na\'efve theory can serve as a universal explanation of \u8220?all the bad things happening in society.\u8221? Such a theory \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Family environment and self-esteem development: A longitudinal study from age 10 to 16.}\line
S Krauss, U Orth, RW Robins (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 149 (49.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-55801-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-55801-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In this study, we examined the effect of family environment on self-esteem development from late childhood (age 10) through adolescence (age 16), using 4-wave longitudinal data from \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Sex, status, competition, and exclusion: Intraminority stress from within the gay community and gay and bisexual men's mental health.}\line
JE Pachankis, KA Clark, CL Burton, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 138 (46.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-02346-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-02346-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Gay and bisexual men might face unique, status-based competitive pressures given that their social and sexual relationships often occur with other men, who are known to compete \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Meaning is about mattering: Evaluating coherence, purpose, and existential mattering as precursors of meaning in life judgments.}\line
V Costin, VL Vignoles (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 209 (69.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00523-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00523-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When people judge their lives as meaningful, what is this judgment about? Drawing on recent tripartite theoretical accounts of meaning in life (MIL), we tested the separate \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Access is not enough: Cultural mismatch persists to limit first-generation students' opportunities for achievement throughout college.}\line
LT Phillips, NM Stephens, SSM Townsend, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 208 (69.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1112/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1112/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i United States higher education prioritizes independence as the cultural ideal. As a result, first-generation students (neither parent has a four-year degree) often confront an initial \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The empirical structure of narrative identity: The initial Big Three.}\line
KC McLean, M Syed, M Pasupathi, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 198 (66.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/4/920/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/4/920/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A robust empirical literature suggests that individual differences in the thematic and structural aspects of life narratives are associated with and predictive of psychological well \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Nostalgia and well-being in daily life: An ecological validity perspective.}\line
DB Newman, ME Sachs, AA Stone, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 165 (55.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02892-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02892-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Nostalgia is a mixed emotion. Recent empirical research, however, has highlighted positive effects of nostalgia, suggesting it is a predominantly positive emotion. When measured as an \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The activist's dilemma: Extreme protest actions reduce popular support for social movements.}\line
M Feinberg, R Willer, C Kovacheff (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 114 (38.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1086/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1086/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do protest actions impact public support for social movements? Here we test the claim that extreme protest actions\u8212?protest behaviors perceived to be harmful to others, highly \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social context moderates the effects of quest for significance on violent extremism.}\line
K Jasko, D Webber, AW Kruglanski, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 117 (39.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-42417-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-42417-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Quest for significance theory (Kruglanski et al., 2013; Kruglanski, Jasko, Chernikova, Dugas, & Webber 2017) states that extreme behavior for an ideological cause is more likely under \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does spending money on others promote happiness?: A registered replication report.}\line
LB Aknin, EW Dunn, J Proulx, I Lok, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 105 (35.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-23349-001?CASA_ERROR=CASA_TOKEN_AUTHENTICATE_ERROR-Invalid%20TimeStamp%20(1641853402344105)"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-23349-001?CASA_ERROR=CASA_TOKEN_AUTHENTICATE_ERROR-Invalid%20TimeStamp%20(1641853402344105)}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research indicates that spending money on others\u8212?prosocial spending\u8212?leads to greater happiness than spending money on oneself (eg, Dunn, Aknin, &Norton, 2008, 2014). These \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Sensing sociability: Individual differences in young adults' conversation, calling, texting, and app use behaviors in daily life.}\line
GM Harari, SR M\'fcller, C Stachl, R Wang, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 137 (45.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-27734-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-27734-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Sociability as a disposition describes a tendency to affiliate with others (vs. be alone). Yet, we know relatively little about how much social behavior people engage in during a typical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Signaling when no one is watching: A reputation heuristics account of outrage and punishment in one-shot anonymous interactions.}\line
JJ Jordan, DG Rand (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 137 (45.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/1/57/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/1/57/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Jul 22 2019 (see record 2019-43753-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Two signals of social rank: Prestige and dominance are associated with distinct nonverbal displays.}\line
Z Witkower, JL Tracy, JT Cheng, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 125 (41.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-22179-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-22179-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Converging evidence suggests that high rank is communicated through various nonverbal behaviors (eg, expansiveness), but prior studies have not examined whether 2 distinct forms \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Development of loneliness in midlife and old age: Its nature and correlates.}\line
T von Soest, M Luhmann, T Hansen, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 116 (38.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/388/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/388/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research has long demonstrated that loneliness is a key risk factor for poor health. However, less is known about the development and predictors of loneliness across later \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Political psycholinguistics: A comprehensive analysis of the language habits of liberal and conservative social media users.}\line
J Sterling, JT Jost, R Bonneau (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 76 (25.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-01348-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-01348-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i For nearly a century social scientists have sought to understand left\u8211?right ideological differences in values, motives, and thinking styles. Much progress has been made, but\u8212?as \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Low self-esteem predicts out-group derogation via collective narcissism, but this relationship is obscured by in-group satisfaction.}\line
A Golec de Zavala, CM Federico, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 104 (34.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-50093-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-50093-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i According to social identity theory, low self-esteem motivates group members to derogate out-groups, thus achieving positive in-group distinctiveness and boosting self-esteem \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The social advantage of miscalibrated individuals: The relationship between social class and overconfidence and its implications for class-based inequality.}\line
P Belmi, MA Neale, D Reiff, R Ulfe (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 102 (34.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-25778-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-25778-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Jul 8 2019 (see record 2019-40421-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Life lacks meaning without acceptance: Ostracism triggers suicidal thoughts.}\line
Z Chen, KT Poon, CN DeWall, ... (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 69 (23.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-15000-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-15000-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Eleven studies (N= 2,254; 2 preregistered) examined whether ostracism would trigger suicidal thoughts and whether perceived meaning in life would account for this effect \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The role of sensation seeking in political violence: An extension of the Significance Quest Theory.}\line
BM Schumpe, JJ B\'e9langer, M Moyano, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 96 (32.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-54877-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-54877-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Adventure and excitement have often been invoked to explain why people engage in political violence, yet empirical evidence on the topic has thus far been anecdotal. The \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Human status criteria: Sex differences and similarities across 14 nations.}\line
DM Buss, PK Durkee, TK Shackelford, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 62 (20.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/979/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/979/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Sep 7 2020 (see record 2020-68801-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Consistency and change in idiographic personality: A longitudinal ESM network study.}\line
ED Beck, JJ Jackson (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 99 (33.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-28228-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-28228-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The study of personality development primarily focuses on between-person, nomothetic assessments of personality using assessments of personality traits. An alternative approach \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The language of well-being: Tracking fluctuations in emotion experience through everyday speech.}\line
J Sun, HA Schwartz, Y Son, ML Kern, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 87 (29.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-18075-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-18075-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The words that people use have been found to reflect stable psychological traits, but less is known about the extent to which everyday fluctuations in spoken language reflect transient \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b God as a White man: A psychological barrier to conceptualizing Black people and women as leadership worthy.}\line
SO Roberts, K Weisman, JD Lane, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 58 (19.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-06604-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-06604-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on May 21 2020 (see record 2020-36018-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A new perspective on the social functions of emotions: Gratitude and the witnessing effect.}\line
SB Algoe, PC Dwyer, A Younge, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 87 (29.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-46223-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-46223-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We propose a novel theoretical and empirical approach to studying group-level social functions of emotions and use it to make new predictions about social consequences of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How language shapes prejudice against women: An examination across 45 world languages.}\line
D DeFranza, H Mishra, A Mishra (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/7/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/7/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Language provides an ever-present context for our cognitions and has the ability to shape them. Languages across the world can be gendered (language in which the form of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Achievement is not class-neutral: Working together benefits people from working-class contexts.}\line
AG Dittmann, NM Stephens, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 64 (21.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/3/517/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/3/517/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research has documented that people from working-class contexts have fewer skills linked to academic success than their middle-class counterparts (eg, worse problem \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The healthy personality from a basic trait perspective.}\line
W Bleidorn, CJ Hopwood, RA Ackerman, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 89 (29.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/6/1207/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/6/1207/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What basic personality traits characterize the psychologically healthy individual? The purpose of this article was to address this question by generating an expert-consensus \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Acquiring group bias: Observing other people's nonverbal signals can create social group biases.}\line
AL Skinner, KR Olson, AN Meltzoff (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 58 (19.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-54597-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-54597-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Evidence of group bias based on race, ethnicity, nationality, and language emerges early in the life span. Although understanding the initial acquisition of group bias has critical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social identity mapping online.}\line
SV Bentley, KH Greenaway, SA Haslam, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 60 (20.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/213/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/213/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social identities play an important role in many aspects of life, not least in those pertaining to health and well-being. Decades of research shows that these relationships are driven by a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The development of effortful control from late childhood to young adulthood.}\line
OE Atherton, KM Lawson, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 57 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-05037-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-05037-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present study investigated the developmental precursors of effortful control, a temperament trait that involves the propensity to regulate one's impulses and behaviors, to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social identification with animals: Unpacking our psychological connection with other animals.}\line
CE Amiot, K Sukhanova, B Bastian (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 56 (18.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/991/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/991/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Our relations with other animals are ubiquitous in human life, yet the psychological structure of our connection with animals is just beginning to receive empirical attention. Drawing on \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b I ain't no fortunate one: On the motivated denial of class privilege.}\line
LT Phillips, BS Lowery (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 52 (17.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-43040-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-43040-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 119 (6) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2021-01144-001). In the article, in the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Salience theory of mere exposure: Relative exposure increases liking, extremity, and emotional intensity.}\line
K Mrkva, L Van Boven (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (17.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-03628-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-03628-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We propose and support a salience explanation of exposure effects. We suggest that repeated exposure to stimuli influences evaluations by increasing salience, the relative \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How the voice persuades.}\line
AB Van Zant, J Berger (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 81 (27.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-31309-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-31309-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research has examined persuasive language, but relatively little is known about how persuasive people are when they attempt to persuade through paralanguage, or acoustic \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How was your day? Convergence of aggregated momentary and retrospective end-of-day affect ratings across the adult life span.}\line
AB Neubauer, SB Scott, MJ Sliwinski, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 70 (23.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-24884-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-24884-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Daily diary studies and experience sampling studies examine day-to-day variations in affect using different rating types: The former typically collect retrospective affect reports at the end \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The occurrence and correlates of emotional interdependence in romantic relationships.}\line
L Sels, J Cabrieto, E Butler, H Reis, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 57 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-54515-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-54515-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Interdependence, including emotional interdependence, is widely considered to be a cornerstone of close relationships. Through frequent interactions, romantic partners are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is Martin Luther King or Malcolm X the more acceptable face of protest? High-status groups' reactions to low-status groups' collective action.}\line
CP Teixeira, R Spears, VY Yzerbyt (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 68 (22.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/919/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/919/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Jul 8 2019 (see record 2019-40588-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Parallel lives: Intergroup contact, threat, and the segregation of everyday activity spaces.}\line
J Dixon, C Tredoux, G Davies, J Huck, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 65 (21.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-24267-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-24267-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although intergroup contact can reduce prejudice, opportunities to experience such contact are often constrained by systems of segregation. Work on this problem has focused on \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Tell it like it is: When politically incorrect language promotes authenticity.}\line
M Rosenblum, J Schroeder, F Gino (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 51 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/75/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/75/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When a person's language appears to be political\u8212?such as being politically correct or incorrect\u8212?it can influence fundamental impressions of him or her. Political correctness is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b You're still so vain: Changes in narcissism from young adulthood to middle age.}\line
E Wetzel, E Grijalva, RW Robins, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 46 (15.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-64453-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-64453-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i To date, there have been no long-term longitudinal studies of continuity and change in narcissism. This study investigated rank-order consistency and mean-level changes in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The malleable morality of conspicuous consumption.}\line
S Goenka, M Thomas (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 65 (21.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-07796-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-07796-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Conspicuous consumption has often been decried as immoral by many philosophers and scholars, yet it is ubiquitous and widely embraced. This research sheds light on the apparent \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Seeing me, seeing you: Testing competing accounts of assumed similarity in personality judgments.}\line
I Thielmann, BE Hilbig, I Zettler (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (21.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51206-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51206-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A recurrent observation in personality judgments is that individuals' ratings of others' personalities are positively linked to their self-description, and that such \u8220?assumed similarity\u8221? \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality structure in east and west Africa: Lexical studies of personality in Maa and Supyire-Senufo.}\line
AG Thalmayer, G Saucier, L Ole-Kotikash, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (14.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1132/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1132/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The field of psychology relies heavily on evidence from North America and Northern Europe. Universally applicable models require input from around the globe. Indigenous lexical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Understanding contemporary forms of exploitation: Attributions of passion serve to legitimize the poor treatment of workers.}\line
JY Kim, TH Campbell, S Shepherd, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 59 (19.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/1/121/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/1/121/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The pursuit of passion in one's work is touted in contemporary discourse. Although passion may indeed be beneficial in many ways, we suggest that the modern cultural emphasis may \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Longitudinal associations between trait neuroticism and negative daily experiences in adolescence.}\line
J Borghuis, W Bleidorn, K Sijtsma, S Branje, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (21.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02015-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-02015-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i It is well established that trait neuroticism bears strong links with negative affect and interpersonal problems. The goal of this study was to examine the longitudinal associations \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b High-dimensionality personality structure in the natural language: Further analyses of classic sets of English-language trait-adjectives.}\line
G Saucier, K Iurino (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 41 (13.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-67116-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-67116-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Contemporary structural models of personality, like the Big Five, are rooted in natural-language lexicons in which socially important individual-differences concepts are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Episodic simulation reduces intergroup bias in prosocial intentions and behavior.}\line
B Gaesser, Y Shimura, M Cikara (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 54 (18.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-30033-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-30033-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People frequently feel less empathy for and offer less aid to out-groups in need relative to their in-groups. Most attempts aimed at reducing intergroup bias in helping emphasize \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The beauty myth: Prescriptive beauty norms for women reflect hierarchy-enhancing motivations leading to discriminatory employment practices.}\line
L Ramati-Ziber, N Shnabel, P Glick (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (14.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-47721-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-47721-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Sep 5 2019 (see record 2019-53417-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who shines most among the brightest?: A 25-year longitudinal study of elite STEM graduate students.}\line
KO McCabe, D Lubinski, CP Benbow (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (17.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14057-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-14057-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract In 1992, the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth (SMPY) surveyed 714 first-and second-year graduate students (48.5% female) attending US universities ranked in the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Regulatory effectiveness of social support.}\line
KS Zee, N Bolger, ET Higgins (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (13.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-10243-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-10243-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Receiving social support can entail both costs and benefits for recipients. Thus, theories of effective support have proposed that support should address recipients' needs to be \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Demeaning: Dehumanizing others by minimizing the importance of their psychological needs.}\line
J Schroeder, N Epley (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (11.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29813-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29813-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We document a tendency to demean others' needs: believing that psychological needs\u8212?those requiring mental capacity, and hence more uniquely human (eg, need for meaning \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do accurate personality impressions benefit early relationship development? The bidirectional associations between accuracy and liking.}\line
LJ Human, EN Carlson, K Geukes, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 51 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-41325-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-41325-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Does forming accurate impressions benefit emerging relationships? In 2 longitudinal studies (Study 1: 235 participants, 534 dyads, 2 time points; Study 2: 122 participants, 3,023 dyads \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Development and change in attachment: A multiwave assessment of attachment and its correlates across childhood and adolescence.}\line
F Khan, JY Chong, JC Theisen, RC Fraley, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 38 (12.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-47722-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-47722-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research examines the contextual factors that facilitate development and change in attachment during later childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood using a longitudinal \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?They just don't understand us\u8221?: The role of felt understanding in intergroup relations.}\line
AG Livingstone, L Fern\'e1ndez Rodr\'edguez, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 56 (18.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-63654-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-63654-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We report 5 studies examining the unique role of felt understanding in intergroup relations. In intergroup terms, felt understanding is the belief that members of an outgroup understand \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Narrative identity processes and patterns of adjustment across the transition to college: A developmentally contextualized approach.}\line
JP Lilgendahl, KC McLean (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-77325-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-77325-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Narrative identity is a distinct level of personality that is related to psychological adjustment across the life course and is at its height of development during the emerging adult years \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Disentangling stereotypes from social reality: Astrological stereotypes and discrimination in China.}\line
JG Lu, XL Liu, H Liao, L Wang (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 37 (12.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1359/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1359/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Because stereotypes and social reality are mutually reinforcing, it is often unclear whether a given stereotype has emerged from preexisting social reality, or has shaped social reality \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Behavioral variability reduces the harmful longitudinal effects of partners' negative-direct behavior on relationship problems.}\line
NC Overall (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (11.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-04481-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-04481-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Based on growing evidence that negative-direct behavior that addresses important contextual and situational demands is less harmful than negative-direct behavior that occurs \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Frustration-affirmation? Thwarted goals motivate compliance with social norms for violence and nonviolence.}\line
NP Leander, M Agostini, W Stroebe, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (10.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/2/249/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/2/249/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When thwarted goals increase endorsement of violence, it may not always reflect antisocial tendencies or some breakdown of self-regulation per se; such responses can also reflect an \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Genetic and environmental variation in political orientation in adolescence and early adulthood: A Nuclear Twin Family analysis.}\line
A Hufer, AE Kornadt, C Kandler, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-35869-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-35869-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Political orientation is often assumed to be shaped by socialization processes; however, previous studies have shown substantial genetic variance components in party affiliation \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Nice guys finish last: When and why agreeableness is associated with economic hardship.}\line
SC Matz, JJ Gladstone (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 46 (15.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51040-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51040-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent research suggests that agreeable individuals experience greater financial hardship than their less agreeable peers. We explore the psychological mechanisms underlying this \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Drawing the diversity line: Numerical thresholds of diversity vary by group status.}\line
F Danbold, MM Unzueta (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 46 (15.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/283/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/283/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research estimates the points of relative group representation at which members of dominant and nondominant groups declare an organization to be diverse. Across 7 studies \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Owner of a lonely heart: The stability of loneliness across the life span.}\line
M Mund, O L\'fcdtke, FJ Neyer (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (11.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-57569-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-57569-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Individuals feel lonely when they perceive a discrepancy between their aspired and their actually experienced amount of closeness and intimacy in social relationships. In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Embodied remorse: Physical displays of remorse increase positive responses to public apologies, but have negligible effects on forgiveness.}\line
MJ Hornsey, MJA Wohl, EA Harris, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (11.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-54512-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-54512-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Public apologies struggle to communicate genuineness. Previous studies have shown that, in response to public apologies, perceptions of remorse and levels of forgiveness are often \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Trajectories of life satisfaction before, upon, and after divorce: Evidence from a new matching approach.}\line
MA Van Scheppingen, T Leopold (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 37 (12.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-59139-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-59139-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The aim of the current study was to compare changes in divorcees' life satisfaction to changes in a control sample of nondivorcees. Prospective longitudinal data came from 33 \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Moral cleansing as hypocrisy: When private acts of charity make you feel better than you deserve.}\line
K O'Connor, DA Effron, BJ Lucas (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 33 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-28138-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-28138-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What counts as hypocrisy? Current theorizing emphasizes that people see hypocrisy when an individual sends them \u8220?false signals\u8221? about his or her morality (Jordan, Sommers, Bloom \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Differential associations of knowing and liking with accuracy and positivity bias in person perception.}\line
NM Wessels, J Zimmermann, JC Biesanz, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (15.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51575-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51575-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A great range of person perception phenomena may be conceptualized in terms of how much perceivers know about the targets, how much they like the targets, and how these \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Religious people only live longer in religious cultural contexts: A gravestone analysis.}\line
T Ebert, JE Gebauer, JR Talman, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (10.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Religious people live longer than nonreligious people, according to a staple of social science research. Yet, are those longevity benefits an inherent feature of religiosity? To find \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The role of effortful control in the development of ADHD, ODD, and CD symptoms.}\line
OE Atherton, KM Lawson, E Ferrer, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (14.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16899-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-16899-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many adolescents have difficulty regulating their impulses and become prone to externalizing problems (eg, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder [ADHD], oppositional \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-concept clarity lays the foundation for self-continuity: The restorative function of autobiographical memory.}\line
T Jiang, Z Chen, C Sedikides (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 33 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-41525-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-41525-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Sep 9 2019 (see record 2019-54516-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does virtue lead to status? Testing the moral virtue theory of status attainment.}\line
F Bai, GCC Ho, J Yan (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 41 (13.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-27721-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-27721-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Oct 24 2019 (see record 2019-63656-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Why connect? Moral consequences of networking with a promotion or prevention focus.}\line
F Gino, M Kouchaki, T Casciaro (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (8.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-42384-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-42384-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Networks are a key source of social capital for achieving goals in professional and personal settings. Yet, despite the clear benefits of having an extensive network, individuals often shy \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Intergroup contact, social dominance, and environmental concern: A test of the cognitive-liberalization hypothesis.}\line
R Meleady, RJ Crisp, K Dhont, T Hopthrow, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (14.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/6/1146/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/6/1146/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Intergroup contact is among the most effective ways to improve intergroup attitudes. Although it is now beyond any doubt that contact can reduce prejudice, in this article we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What predicts who we approach for social support? Tests of the attachment figure and strong ties hypotheses.}\line
LK Kammrath, BF Armstrong III, SP Lane, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-25117-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-25117-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Before people seek support for an issue, they must choose whom in their support network to approach. Two prominent supporter-selection hypotheses are the attachment figure \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Gender differences in communicative abstraction.}\line
PD Joshi, CJ Wakslak, G Appel, ... (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (13.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/3/417/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/3/417/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Drawing on construal level theory, which suggests that experiencing a communicative audience as proximal rather than distal leads speakers to frame messages more concretely \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Determining our destiny: Do restrictions to collective autonomy fuel collective action?}\line
FJ Kachanoff, NS Kteily, TH Khullar, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (10.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-57749-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-57749-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Groups experience collective autonomy restriction whenever they perceive that other groups attempt to limit the freedom of their group to determine and express its own identity. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who gets ostracized? A personality perspective on risk and protective factors of ostracism.}\line
SC Rudert, MD Keller, AH Hales, M Walker, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (15.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-60517-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-60517-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Ostracism, excluding and ignoring others, results from a variety of factors. Here, we investigate the effect of personality on the likelihood of becoming a target of ostracism \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Understanding short-term variability in life satisfaction: The Individual Differences in Evaluating Life Satisfaction (IDELS) model.}\line
EC Willroth, OP John, JC Biesanz, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (10.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-51312-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-51312-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Daily life is full of emotional ups and downs. In contrast, the objective conditions of our lives usually remain relatively stable from day to day. The degree to which emotional ups and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality change: Longitudinal self-other agreement and convergence with retrospective-reports.}\line
JR Oltmanns, JJ Jackson, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11840-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-11840-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The research literature on personality development is based mostly on self-report studies and on samples in younger adulthood. The present multimethod study examines self-other \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Are we happier with others? An investigation of the links between spending time with others and subjective well-being.}\line
NW Hudson, RE Lucas, ... (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-20116-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-20116-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research suggests that having close relationships is a fundamental human need that, when fulfilled, is positively associated with subjective well-being. Recently, however \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Forgiveness takes place on an attitudinal continuum from hostility to friendliness: Toward a closer union of forgiveness theory and measurement.}\line
DE Forster, J Billingsley, VM Russell, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (11.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-75475-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-75475-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Researchers commonly conceptualize forgiveness as a rich complex of psychological changes involving attitudes, emotions, and behaviors. Psychometric work with the measures \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Benefits of daily support visibility versus invisibility across the adult life span.}\line
BK Jakubiak, BC Feeney, RA Ferrer (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-43750-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-43750-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Amid growing disagreement about the benefits of visible and invisible support, we tested daily associations among support visibility and changes in individual and relational well \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Open to offers, but resisting requests: How the framing of anchors affects motivation and negotiated outcomes.}\line
JM Majer, R Tr\'f6tschel, AD Galinsky, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (9.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-57561-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-57561-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abundant research has established that first proposals can anchor negotiations and lead to a first-mover advantage. The current research developed and tested a motivated anchor \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Being \u8220?good\u8221? or \u8220?good enough\u8221?: Prosocial risk and the structure of moral self-regard.}\line
JJ Zlatev, DM Kupor, K Laurin, ... (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-67039-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-67039-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The motivation to feel moral powerfully guides people's prosocial behavior. We propose that people's efforts to preserve their moral self-regard conform to a moral threshold model. This \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Influences of source bias that differ from source untrustworthiness: When flip-flopping is more and less surprising.}\line
LE Wallace, DT Wegener, RE Petty (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (8.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-68484-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-68484-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Discussions of the difference between biased and fake news were prevalent after the 2016 United States Presidential election. However, within social psychology, and especially the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Developmental structure of personality and interests: A four-wave, 8-year longitudinal study.}\line
KA Hoff, Q Song, S Einarsd\'f3ttir, DA Briley, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00371-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-00371-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality traits and vocational interests capture different aspects of human individuality that intersect in certain ways. In this longitudinal study, we examined developmental \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How leader gender influences external audience response to organizational failures.}\line
NV Montgomery, AP Cowen (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (9.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-62703-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-62703-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across 3 studies, we examine how leader gender affects external audiences' reactions to organizational failures, and under what conditions such effects are likely to occur. We find \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On the effectiveness of approach-avoidance instructions and training for changing evaluations of social groups.}\line
P Van Dessel, J De Houwer, A Gast, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-16859-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-16859-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Prior evidence suggests that White participants who repeatedly approach images of Black people and avoid images of White people can exhibit a reduction in implicit racial bias \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Brokering orientations and social capital: Influencing others' relationships shapes status and trust.}\line
N Halevy, E Halali, TR Cohen (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-48520-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-48520-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Individuals often influence others' relationships, for better or worse. We conceptualize social influence processes that impact others' social networks as brokering, and advance a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Measuring moral politics: How strict and nurturant family values explain individual differences in conservatism, liberalism, and the political middle.}\line
M Feinberg, E Wehling, JM Chung, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (8.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-35072-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-35072-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Individuals' political stances tend to place them into the conservative \u8220?right,\u8221? the liberal \u8220?left,\u8221? or the moderate \u8220?middle.\u8221? What might explain this pattern of division? Moral Politics Theory \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Food restriction and the experience of social isolation.}\line
K Woolley, A Fishbach, RM Wang (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/3/657/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/3/657/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across 7 studies, food restrictions increased loneliness by limiting the ability to bond with others through similar food consumption. We first found that food restrictions predict \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Revisiting the divide between deontology and utilitarianism in moral dilemma judgment: A multinomial modeling approach.}\line
M Hennig, M H\'fctter (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (8.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-51665-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-51665-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We investigate the psychological bases underlying moral dilemma judgment with the help of multinomial processing tree modeling, and consider how determinants of dilemma judgment \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The economic and interpersonal consequences of deflecting direct questions.}\line
TB Bitterly, ME Schweitzer (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (11.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-39501-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-39501-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Direct, difficult questions (eg, Do you have other offers? When do you plan on having children?) pose a challenge. Respondents may incur economic costs for honestly revealing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Front in the mouth, front in the word: The driving mechanisms of the in-out effect.}\line
IT Maschmann, A K\'f6rner, L Boecker, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (6.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/4/792/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/4/792/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Words for which the consonantal articulation spots wander from the front to the back of the mouth (inward) elicit more positive attitudes than words with the reversed order \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Twice-told tales: Self-repetition decreases observer assessments of performer authenticity.}\line
R Gershon, RK Smith (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (9.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/307/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/2/307/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often engage in self-repetition\u8212?repeating the same story, joke, or presentation across different audiences. While behaving consistently has generally been found to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The straight categorization bias: A motivated and altruistic reasoning account.}\line
NP Alt, DJ Lick, KL Johnson (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-04462-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-04462-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i For 70 years, the field of social perception has concluded that perceivers can determine others' social category memberships with remarkable accuracy. However, it has become \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Derailment: Conceptualization, measurement, and adjustment correlates of perceived change in self and direction.}\line
AL Burrow, PL Hill, K Ratner, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (10.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-37936-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-37936-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Developmental perspectives on self and identity view a sense of personal sameness and continuity as critical for positive adjustment. Thus, the degree to which individuals perceive \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The impact of having children on domain-specific life satisfaction: A quasi-experimental longitudinal investigation using the Socio-Economic Panel (SOEP) data.}\line
MD Kr\'e4mer, JL Rodgers (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (7.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1497/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1497/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Longitudinal studies have documented improvements in parents' life satisfaction due to childbearing, followed by postpartum adaptation back to baseline. However, the details \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Accuracy and bias in perceptions of racial attitudes: Implications for interracial relationships.}\line
EP Lemay Jr, N Teneva (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (5.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-12706-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-12706-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research examined accuracy and bias in racial metaperceptions\u8212?perceptions of others' attitudes toward one's racial group\u8212?within the context of interracial relationships \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Documenting individual differences in the propensity to hold attitudes with certainty.}\line
KG DeMarree, RE Petty, P Bri\'f1ol, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (5.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1239/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/6/1239/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The certainty with which people hold their attitudes is an important consideration because attitudes held with certainty better predict judgment and behavior than attitudes held with \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The codevelopment of extraversion and friendships: Bonding and behavioral interaction mechanisms in friendship networks.}\line
MHW van Zalk, S Nestler, K Geukes, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (8.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-45544-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-45544-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Empirical evidence suggests that people select friends whose extraversion is similar to their own (selection). However, little is known about whether friends influence extraversion \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Knowing where others stand: Accuracy and performance effects of individuals' perceived status hierarchies.}\line
S Yu, GJ Kilduff (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-64861-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-64861-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Status hierarchies are perhaps the single most important form of social structure within groups, ubiquitous and affecting groups' information flow, decision-making, and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People judge others to have more voluntary control over beliefs than they themselves do.}\line
C Cusimano, GP Goodwin (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (5.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-34963-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-34963-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People think other individuals have considerable control over what they believe. However, no work to date has investigated how people judge their own belief control, nor whether \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Internal motivation to respond without prejudice fosters respectful responses in interracial interactions.}\line
J LaCosse, EA Plant (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (8.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1037/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1037/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i As society becomes increasingly racially diverse, fostering positive interracial interactions is more important than ever. Unfortunately, previous work suggests that there are barriers to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Norm-based spontaneous categorization: Cultural norms shape meaning and memory.}\line
N Goyal, M Adams, TG Cyr, A Maass, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 23 (7.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-18894-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-18894-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When cultures have different norms for the same situation, does culture affect memory by influencing the weight individuals assign to information or also by affecting the meaning of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The neural representation of self is recapitulated in the brains of friends: A round-robin fMRI study.}\line
RS Chavez, DD Wagner (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-60062-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-60062-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Humans continually form and update impressions of each other's identities based on the disclosure of thoughts, feelings, and beliefs. At the same time, individuals also have specific \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Attitudes from mere co-occurrences are guided by differentiation.}\line
H Alves, F H\'f6gden, A Gast, F Aust, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (4.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-24818-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-24818-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often form attitudes about objects, individuals, or groups by examining and comparing their attributes. Such attribute-based attitude formation is guided by a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Getting to know me better: An fMRI study of intimate and superficial self-disclosure to friends during adolescence.}\line
N Vijayakumar, JC Flournoy, KL Mills, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (7.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/885/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/5/885/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Adolescence is often defined as a period of social reorientation, characterized by increased engagement with, and reliance on, same-aged peers. Consistent with these shifting \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Lexical derivation of the PINT taxonomy of goals: Prominence, inclusiveness, negativity prevention, and tradition.}\line
BM Wilkowski, A Fetterman, SK Lappi, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (6.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1153/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/5/1153/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What do people want? Few questions are more fundamental to psychological science than this. Yet, existing taxonomies disagree on both the number and content of goals. Thus, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Television consumption drives perceptions of female body attractiveness in a population undergoing technological transition.}\line
LG Boothroyd, JL Jucker, T Thornborrow, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (5.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-76797-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-76797-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Perceptions of physical attractiveness vary across cultural groups, particularly for female body size and shape. It has been hypothesized that visual media propagates Western \u8220?thin \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceptions of a romantic partner's approach and avoidance motives: Accuracy, bias, and emotional cues.}\line
JE LaBuda, J Gere, EA Impett (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-32619-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-32619-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examined tracking accuracy and bias (mean-level and projection) in people's perceptions of their romantic partner's relationship approach and avoidance motives \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The situation six: Uncovering six basic dimensions of psychological situations from the Hebrew language.}\line
S Oreg, JA Edwards, JF Rauthmann (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (4.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-01044-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-01044-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality psychology has enjoyed success with widely accepted and established taxonomies. This cannot be said for a psychology of situations, which has yet to establish a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The reactance decoy effect: How including an appeal before a target message increases persuasion.}\line
BM Schumpe, JJ B\'e9langer, CF Nisa (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-25411-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-25411-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We propose and demonstrate in 11 studies, including more than 4,700 observations, that the persuasiveness of a target message can be increased by the inclusion of a reactance decoy \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Subjective likelihood and the construal level of future events: A replication study of Wakslak, Trope, Liberman, and Alony (2006).}\line
S Calderon, E Mac Giolla, K Ask, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-51500-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-51500-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract CJ Wakslak, Y. Trope, N. Liberman, and R. Alony (2006) examined the effect of manipulating the likelihood of future events on level of construal (ie, mental abstraction) \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How do people construe objects when being observed?}\line
M Luan, H Li (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (2.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29808-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-29808-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research aims to explore how people construe objects when being observed (vs. in a private context). Using different manipulations of observation and measures of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b From variability to vulnerability: People exposed to greater variability judge wrongdoers more harshly.}\line
Y Ding, K Savani (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (3.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-06449-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-06449-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent decades have seen increased variability in diverse domains, such as the climate and asset prices. As more resources are required to cope with greater variability in the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Generosity pays: Selfish people have fewer children and earn less money.}\line
K Eriksson, I Vartanova, P Strimling, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-47966-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-47966-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Does selfishness pay in the long term? Previous research has indicated that being prosocial (or otherish) rather than selfish has positive consequences for psychological well-being \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b So difficult to smile: Why unhappy people avoid enjoyable activities.}\line
H Shen, A Labroo, RS Wyer Jr (2020)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (2.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/23/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/119/1/23/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Engaging in an enjoyable activity is often effective in reducing or eliminating a negative mood. However, imagining this activity before deciding whether to perform it can decrease \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The first-member heuristic: Group members labeled \u8220?first\u8221? influence judgment and treatment of groups.}\line
J Steinmetz, M Tour\'e9-Tillery, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (4.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/4/706/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/4/706/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often make judgments about a group (eg, immigrants from a specific country) based on information about a single group member. Seven studies (N= 1,929) tested the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The commonness fallacy: Commonly chosen options have less choice appeal than people think.}\line
ES Reit, CR Critcher (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (2.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/118/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In predicting what others are likely to choose (eg, vanilla ice cream or tiramisu), people can display a commonness fallacy\u8212?overestimating how often common (but bland) options (eg \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Until death do us part: The codevelopment of life satisfaction in couples preceding the death of one partner.}\line
J W\'fcnsche, R Weidmann, A Grob (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (2.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-75003-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-75003-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This work aims to integrate previous research perspectives on terminal well-being decline and partner bereavement by investigating the codevelopment of life satisfaction in the years \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The social costs of forgiving following multiple-victim transgressions.}\line
M Raj, SS Wiltermuth, GS Adams (2020)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (2.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-50037-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-50037-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A single transgressor sometimes harms more than just 1 victim. We examine a previously undocumented social cost of forgiving following these multiple-victim transgressions. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Validation of negativity: Drawbacks of interpersonal responsiveness during conflicts with outsiders.}\line
EP Lemay Jr, JE Ryan, R Fehr, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-50034-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-50034-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research included 7 studies testing a model of interpersonal processes when people disclose to their close relationship partners (\u8220?confidants\u8221?) about their conflicts \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The morality of organization versus organized members: Organizations are attributed more control and responsibility for negative outcomes than are equivalent \u8230?}\line
S Tang, CZ Koval, RP Larrick, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (3.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-12419-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-12419-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Seven experiments demonstrate that framing an organizational entity (the target) as an organization (\u8220?an organization comprised of its constituent members\u8221?) versus its members \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The overblown implications effect.}\line
A Moon, M Gan, CR Critcher (2020)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-39497-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-39497-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People frequently engage in behaviors that put their competencies on display. However, do such actors understand how others view them in light of these performances? Eight studies \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Are liberals really dirty? Two failures to replicate Helzer and Pizarro's (2011) study 1, with meta-analysis.}\line
BR Burnham (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-43043-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-43043-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Helzer and Pizarro (2011) reported 2 studies that showed an influence of cleanliness cues on political attitudes. Specifically, when standing near a hand-sanitizer \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The vicarious construal effect: Seeing and experiencing the world through different eyes.}\line
MH Jung, FJ Gonzalez, CR Critcher (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (1.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-72462-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2019-72462-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i That 2 individuals can look at the same stimulus and experience it differently speaks to the power of construal. People's construals are shaped by their idiosyncratic attitudes, belief \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Latane~ B.(1968). Bystander intervention in emergencies: Diffusion of responsibility}\line
JM Darley (2020)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, cited by 140 (46.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Working together benefits people from working-class contexts, but not people from middle-class contexts}\line
AG Dittmann, NM Stephens, SSM Townsend (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 5 (1.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do people realize how their partners make them feel? Motivation and opportunity factors determine the link between implicitly assessed partner attitudes \u8230?}\line
L Hicks, JK McNulty, R Faure, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, American Psychological Association, cited by 4 (1.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The Social Advantage of Miscalibrated Individuals: The Relationship Between Social Class and Overconfidence and Its Implications for Class-Based \u8230?}\line
P Belmi, MA Neale, D Reiff, ... (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?, cited by 3 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reasoning supports utilitarian inclinations while resolving moral dilemmas}\line
I Patil, M Zucchelli, W Kool, S Campbell, F Fornasier, ... (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-Concept Clarity Lays the Foundation for Self-Continuity: The Restorative Function of Autobiographical Memory (vol 119, pg 945, 2020)}\line
T Jiang, Z Chen, C Sedikides (2020)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?, cited by 1 (0.33 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Seeing Danger Instead of Opportunity: How Powerlessness Enhances Bottom-Up Attention Allocation Towards Threat-Related Stimuli}\line
R Willardt, PC Schmid (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, osf.io\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://osf.io/28efa/files/osfstorage/5e65f8a2a096450324053123/?action=download"}{\fldrslt \ul https://osf.io/28efa/files/osfstorage/5e65f8a2a096450324053123/?action=download}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Background Present Research Study 1: Dot Probe Paradigm Study 2: Visual Search Paradigm Discussion Page 1 Partners Eysenck, MW, Derakshan, N., Santos, R., &Calvo \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does Virtue Lead to Status? Testing the Moral Virtue Theory of Status Attainment (vol 118, pg 501, 2020)}\line
F Bai, GCC Ho, J Yan (2020)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Stereotyping and Evaluation in Implicit Race Bias: Evidence for Independent Constructs and Unique Effects on Behavior (vol 91 pg 652, 2006)}\line
DM Amodio, PG Devine (2020)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Penyebaran COVID 19 Berdampak Terhadap Dunia Pendidikan}\line
M Taufik (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.67 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b 2 Stereotype und Informationsverarbeitung}\line
MS Mast, F Krings (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, buchkomplizen.de\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.buchkomplizen.de/out/media/vlb_9783621284226_1.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.buchkomplizen.de/out/media/vlb_9783621284226_1.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Ist Ihnen auch schon einmal passiert, dass Sie im Aufzug zusammen mit einem jungen Mann dunkler Hautfarbe fuhren\u8211?Ihrer Einsch\'e4tzung nach ein Asylbewerber\u8211?und pl\'f6tzlich \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Are Work Activities Related to Interest Change Over Time}\line
CD Nye, B Wille, J Amory, F De Fruyt (2020)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.67 per year)\par}
}
