{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deftab1080
{\stylesheet{\s0\fs24\sa120 Normal;}{\s1\fs44\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 1;}{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 2;}{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 3;}{\s4\fs32\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 4;}{\s5\fs28\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 5;}{\s6\fs24\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 6;}}
{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from 2022 to 2022, no patents\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Publish or Perish 8.9.4538.8589 (extended report)\line
WinPosix (x64) edition, running on WinPosix 10.0.22631 (x64)}\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Search terms\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Publication name:} Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\line
{\b Years:} 2022 to 2022\line
{\b Other options:} include citations; exclude patents\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Data retrieval\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Data source:} Google Scholar\line
{\b Search date:} 2023-08-22 17:52:17 -00400\line
{\b Cache date:} 2023-08-22 23:10:34 -00400\line
{\b Search result:} [0] No error\line
\line
{\i {\b Important:} This data source provides only abbreviated data. Any ellipses (... marks) shown in this report originate with the data source; they are NOT caused by subsequent processing in Publish or Perish.}\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Metrics\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reference date:} 2023-08-22 23:10:34 -00400\line
{\b Publication years:} 2022-2022\line
{\b Citation years:} 1 (2022-2023)\line
{\b Papers:} 170\line
{\b Citations:} 1897\line
{\b Citations/year:} 1897.00 (acc1=152, acc2=141, acc5=112, acc10=68, acc20=23)\line
{\b Citations/paper:} 11.16\line
{\b Citations/author:} 667.97\line
{\b Papers/author:} 62.57\line
{\b Authors/paper:} 3.21/3.0/4 (mean/median/mode)\line
{\b Age-weighted citation rate:} 1897.00 (sqrt=43.55), 667.97/author\line
{\b Hirsch h-index:} 22 (a=3.92, m=22.00, 865 cites=45.6% coverage)\line
{\b Egghe g-index:} 32 (g/h=1.45, 1048 cites=55.2% coverage)\line
{\b PoP hI,norm:} 12\line
{\b PoP hI,annual:} 12.00\line
{\b Fassin hA-index:} 22\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Results\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Clarifying the structure and nature of left-wing authoritarianism.}\line
TH Costello, SM Bowes, ST Stevens, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 145 (145.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/135/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/135/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Authoritarianism has been the subject of scientific inquiry for nearly a century, yet the vast majority of authoritarianism research has focused on right-wing authoritarianism. In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Through the looking glass: A lens-based account of intersectional stereotyping.}\line
CD Petsko, AS Rosette, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 48 (48.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-20006-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-20006-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A growing body of scholarship documents the intersectional nature of social stereotyping, with stereotype content being shaped by a target person's multiple social identities \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Overly shallow?: Miscalibrated expectations create a barrier to deeper conversation.}\line
M Kardas, A Kumar, N Epley (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 51 (51.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-88608-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-88608-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People may want deep and meaningful relationships with others, but may also be reluctant to engage in the deep and meaningful conversations with strangers that could create those \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The relationship between adult attachment and mental health: A meta-analysis.}\line
X Zhang, J Li, F Xie, X Chen, W Xu, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/5/1089/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/5/1089/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Attachment theory provides a framework for understanding the correlations among interpersonal relationships, stress, and health. Moreover, adult attachment is an important \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Evaluating the Big Five as an organizing framework for commonly used psychological trait scales.}\line
TF Bainbridge, SG Ludeke, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 51 (51.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/4/749/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/4/749/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The Big Five is often represented as an effective taxonomy of psychological traits, yet little research has empirically examined whether stand-alone assessments of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Mindfulness meditation reduces guilt and prosocial reparation.}\line
AC Hafenbrack, ML LaPalme, I Solal (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (34.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-15919-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-15919-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present research investigates whether and how mindfulness meditation influences the guilt-driven tendency to repair harm caused to others. Through a series of eight experiments \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Awe motivates authentic-self pursuit via self-transcendence: Implications for prosociality.}\line
T Jiang, C Sedikides (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (32.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-06386-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-06386-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We propose that the emotion of awe (ie, challenge that exceeds the scope of one's mental structures, requiring cognitive accommodation) awakens self-transcendence (ie, reaching \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A meta-analysis of the dark side of the American dream: Evidence for the universal wellness costs of prioritizing extrinsic over intrinsic goals.}\line
EL Bradshaw, JH Conigrave, BA Steward, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-90266-001?trk=public_post_comment-text"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-90266-001?trk=public_post_comment-text}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-determination theory holds that the intrinsic and extrinsic content of people's aspirations differentially affect their wellness. An evidence base spanning nearly 30 years indicates that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Because excellencism is more than good enough: On the need to distinguish the pursuit of excellence from the pursuit of perfection.}\line
P Gaudreau, BJI Schellenberg, A Gareau, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 28 (28.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-34332-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-34332-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i An unresolved and controversial issue in the perfectionism literature is whether perfectionism is beneficial, harmful, or unneeded. The model of excellencism and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b An integrative framework for conceptualizing and assessing social, emotional, and behavioral skills: The BESSI.}\line
CJ Soto, CM Napolitano, MN Sewell, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 49 (49.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-26668-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-26668-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People differ in their social, emotional, and behavioral (SEB) skills: their capacities to maintain social relationships, regulate emotions, and manage goal-and learning-directed \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Nonlinear effect of social interaction quantity on psychological well-being: Diminishing returns or inverted U?}\line
D Ren, O Stavrova, WW Loh (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (32.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-88648-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-88648-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social contact is an important ingredient of a happy and satisfying life. But is more social contact necessarily better? Although it is well-established that increasing the quantity of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Regional personality differences predict variation in early COVID-19 infections and mobility patterns indicative of social distancing.}\line
H Peters, FM G\'f6tz, T Ebert, SR M\'fcller, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-03751-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-03751-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic revealed stark regional variation in the spread of the virus. While previous research has highlighted the impact of regional differences in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The business case for diversity backfires: Detrimental effects of organizations' instrumental diversity rhetoric for underrepresented group members' sense of belonging.}\line
OAM Georgeac, A Rattan (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 27 (27.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-67520-001?doi=1"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-67520-001?doi=1}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many organizations offer justifications for why diversity matters, that is, organizational diversity cases. We investigated their content, prevalence, and consequences for \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Universals and variations in musical preferences: A study of preferential reactions to Western music in 53 countries.}\line
DM Greenberg, SJ Wride, DA Snowden, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (21.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/2/286/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/2/286/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Are there universal patterns in musical preferences? To address this question, we built on theory and research in personality, cultural, and music psychology to map the terrain of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Refining the maturity principle of personality development by examining facets, close others, and comaturation.}\line
T Schwaba, W Bleidorn, CJ Hopwood, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (26.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22078-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22078-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across adulthood, people tend to experience psychologically adaptive personality trait change, a robust finding known as the maturity principle of personality development. We \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Cross-cultural variation in cooperation: A meta-analysis.}\line
G Spadaro, C Graf, S Jin, S Arai, Y Inoue, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-42369-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-42369-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Impersonal cooperation among strangers enables societies to create valuable public goods, such as infrastructure, public services, and democracy. Several factors have been proposed \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Narrow prototypes and neglected victims: Understanding perceptions of sexual harassment.}\line
JX Goh, B Bandt-Law, NN Cheek, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 41 (41.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-02127-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-02127-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Sexual harassment is pervasive and has adverse effects on its victims, yet perceiving sexual harassment is wrought with ambiguity, making harassment difficult to identify and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A mega-analysis of personality prediction: Robustness and boundary conditions.}\line
ED Beck, JJ Jackson (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 49 (49.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31794-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31794-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Decades of studies identify personality traits as prospectively associated with life outcomes. However, previous investigations of personality characteristic-outcome associations have \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Equality for (almost) all: Egalitarian advocacy predicts lower endorsement of sexism and racism, but not ageism.}\line
AE Martin, MS North (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (39.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-08078-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-08078-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Past research has assumed that social egalitarians reject group-based hierarchies and advocate for equal treatment of all groups. However, contrary to popular belief, we argue \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Why benefiting from discrimination is less recognized as discrimination.}\line
LT Phillips, S Jun (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (25.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/5/825/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/5/825/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Discrimination continues to plague society, creating stark inequities between groups. While existing work has considered the role of prejudice in perpetuating discrimination, we draw \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Individual differences in contingencies between situation characteristics and personality states.}\line
N Kuper, SM Breil, KT Horstmann, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-07876-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-07876-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Contingencies between situational variables and psychological states have been proposed as key individual difference variables by many theoretical approaches to personality \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The role of positive relationship events in romantic attachment avoidance.}\line
D Bayraktaroglu, G Gunaydin, E Selcuk, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-85655-001?doi=1"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-85655-001?doi=1}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Motivated by the Attachment Security Enhancement Model (Arriaga et al., 2018), the present research investigated the associations between positive relationship experiences \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Adherence to emotion norms is greater in individualist cultures than in collectivist cultures.}\line
A Vishkin, S Kitayama, MK Berg, E Diener, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-16768-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-16768-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i It is generally assumed that there is greater pressure to conform to social norms in collectivist cultures than in individualist cultures. However, most research on cultural \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Two large-scale global studies on COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy over time: Culture, uncertainty avoidance, and vaccine side-effect concerns.}\line
JG Lu (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-88058-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-88058-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This article presents one of the largest and broadest investigations into COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy, a burning issue that poses a global threat. First, I provide a timely review of the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Seeing meaning even when none may exist: Collectivism increases belief in empty claims.}\line
Y Lin, YC Zhang, D Oyserman (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 23 (23.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-91684-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-91684-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often find truth and meaning in claims that have no regard for truth or empirical evidence. We propose that one reason is that people value connecting and fitting in with \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Counterfeit diversity: How strategically misrepresenting gender diversity dampens organizations' perceived sincerity and elevates women's identity threat concerns.}\line
KM Kroeper, HE Williams, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (40.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-80801-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-80801-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Women remain underrepresented in technology and computing fields. Aware of this problem, many tech organizations seek diversification strategies. Several academic sources \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The mutual constitution of culture and psyche: The bidirectional relationship between individuals' perceived control and cultural tightness\u8211?looseness.}\line
A Ma, K Savani, F Liu, K Tai, AC Kay (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-13050-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-13050-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i According to the theory of mutual constitution of culture and psyche, just as culture shapes people, individuals' psychological states can influence culture. We build on compensatory \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Gain-but not loss-related self-perceptions of aging predict mortality over a period of 23 years: A multidimensional approach.}\line
S Wurm, SK Sch\'e4fer (2022)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (15.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31793-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31793-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported online in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology on Apr 21 2022 (see record 2022-56187-001). In the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Unraveling the complex relationship between work transitions and self-esteem and life satisfaction.}\line
AK Reitz, M Luhmann, W Bleidorn, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 23 (23.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-69830-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-69830-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Transitions in and out of work are common experiences with major repercussions for people's lives. The complex link between work transitions and psychological adjustment is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People in historically rice-farming areas are less happy and socially compare more than people in wheat-farming areas.}\line
CS Lee, T Talhelm, X Dong (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14674-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14674-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Using two nationally representative surveys, we find that people in China's historically rice-farming areas are less happy than people in wheat areas. This is a puzzle because the rice \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The impact of communal learning contexts on adolescent self-concept and achievement: Similarities and differences across race and gender.}\line
N Dasgupta, KC Thiem, AE Coyne, H Laws, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52856-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52856-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Misalignment between students' communal values and those expressed in classrooms is an obstacle to academic engagement, especially in mathematics, and especially for racial \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How individuals react emotionally to others'(mis) fortunes: A social comparison framework.}\line
L Boecker, DD Loschelder, ... (2022)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-21017-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-21017-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When confronted with others' fortunes and misfortunes, emotional reactions can take various forms\u8212?ranging from assimilative (happy-for-ness, sympathy) to contrastive emotions (envy \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A threatening opportunity: The prospect of conversations about race-related experiences between Black and White friends.}\line
KL Sanchez, DA Kalkstein, ... (2022)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/5/853/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/5/853/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Similarities are foundational to building and maintaining friendships, but for cross-race friends, differences in experiences related to race are also inevitable. Little is known about \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The surprise of reaching out: Appreciated more than we think.}\line
PJ Liu, SY Rim, L Min, KE Min (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-77686-001?errorCode=invalidToken"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-77686-001?errorCode=invalidToken}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People are fundamentally social beings and enjoy connecting with others. Sometimes, people reach out to others\u8212?whether simply to check-in on how others are doing with brief \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What does it mean to be (seen as) human? The importance of gender in humanization.}\line
AE Martin, MF Mason (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/2/292/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/2/292/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What does it mean to be (seen as) human? Ten studies explore this age-old question and show that gender is a critical feature of perceiving humanness, being more central to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How do explicit and implicit evaluations shift? A preregistered meta-analysis of the effects of co-occurrence and relational information.}\line
B Kurdi, KN Morehouse, Y Dunham (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-20206-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-20206-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Based on 660 effect sizes obtained from 23,255 adult participants across 51 reports of experimental studies, this meta-analysis investigates whether and when explicit (self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A social network perspective on the Bamboo Ceiling: Ethnic homophily explains why East Asians but not South Asians are underrepresented in leadership in \u8230?}\line
JG Lu (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (15.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-06529-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-06529-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract In the United States, Asians appear disproportionately underrepresented in leadership roles, a puzzling phenomenon known as the \u8220?Bamboo Ceiling\u8221?(Hyun, 2005; Lu et \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Rehumanizing the self after victimization: The roles of forgiveness versus revenge.}\line
K Schumann, GM Walton (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/3/469/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/3/469/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Everyday maltreatments can threaten people's basic sense of being human. Can victims restore their sense of humanness after it has been damaged by an offense and, if so, how \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The misjudgment of men: Does pluralistic ignorance inhibit allyship?}\line
L De Souza, T Schmader (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-37653-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-37653-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People are often reluctant to speak out publicly as allies to marginalized groups. We conducted three preregistered studies examining whether pluralistic ignorance (Miller & \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Here one time, gone the next: Fluctuations in support received and provided predict changes in relationship satisfaction across the transition to parenthood.}\line
J Eller, YU Girme, BP Don, WS Rholes, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-15847-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-15847-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Extant research has demonstrated that higher mean (average) levels of social support often produce robust relational benefits. However, partners may not maintain the same level of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The roles of social\u8211?emotional skills in students' academic and life success: A multi-informant and multicohort perspective.}\line
J Guo, X Tang, HW Marsh, P Parker, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-67662-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-67662-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social\u8211?emotional skills have been shown to be beneficial for many important life outcomes for students. However, previous studies on the topic have suffered from many issues (eg \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Stability and change in the Big Five personality traits: Findings from a longitudinal study of Mexican-origin adults.}\line
OE Atherton, AR Sutin, A Terracciano, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (15.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81165-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-81165-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A large body of research has documented how personality develops across adulthood, yet very little longitudinal work has examined whether these findings generalize beyond \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A spontaneous stereotype content model: Taxonomy, properties, and prediction.}\line
G Nicolas, X Bai, ST Fiske (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-58552-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-58552-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The spontaneous stereotype content model (SSCM) describes a comprehensive taxonomy, with associated properties and predictive value, of social-group beliefs that perceivers report \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Experiential learning of cultural norms: The role of implicit and explicit aptitudes.}\line
K Savani, MW Morris, K Fincher, JG Lu, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22107-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22107-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How should I greet her? Should I do what he requests? Newcomers to a culture learn its interpersonal norms at varying rates, largely through trial-and-error experience. Given that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is LGBT progress seen as an attack on Christians?: Examining Christian/sexual orientation zero-sum beliefs.}\line
CL Wilkins, JD Wellman, NR Toosi, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (25.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/73/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/73/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i As social policies have changed to grant more rights to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals, some Christians in the United States have suggested that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Majority members misperceive even \u8220?win-win\u8221? diversity policies as unbeneficial to them.}\line
ND Brown, DS Jacoby-Senghor (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/6/1075/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/6/1075/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Six studies show that majority members misperceive diversity policies as unbeneficial to their ingroup, even when policies benefit them. Majority members perceived nonzero-sum \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b It might become true: How prefactual thinking licenses dishonesty.}\line
BA Helgason, DA Effron (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-50425-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-50425-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In our \u8220?post-truth\u8221? era, misinformation spreads not only because people believe falsehoods, but also because people sometimes give dishonesty a moral pass. The present research \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Revisiting extraversion and leadership emergence: A social network churn perspective.}\line
B Landis, JM Jachimowicz, DJ Wang, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44213-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44213-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i One of the classic relationships in personality psychology is that extraversion is associated with emerging as an informal leader. However, recent findings raise questions about the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Understanding responses to an organizational takeover: Introducing the social identity model of organizational change.}\line
NS M\'fchlemann, NK Steffens, J Ullrich, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-23270-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-23270-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This paper presents a Social Identity Model of Organizational Change (SIMOC) and tests this in the context of employees' responses to a corporate takeover. This model suggests \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Cultural antecedents of virus transmission: Individualism is associated with lower compliance with social distancing rules during the COVID-19 pandemic.}\line
Z Feng, K Zou, K Savani (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-90269-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-90269-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In the context of COVID-19 government-ordered lockdowns, more individualistic people might be less willing to leave their homes to protect their own health, or they might be more \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Between-person methods provide limited insight about within-person belief systems.}\line
MJ Brandt, GS Morgan (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-19898-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-19898-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Belief systems are individual-level phenomena that describe the interrelationships of the political attitudes of a person. However, the modal study of the structure of political \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Disentangling contact and socialization effects on outgroup attitudes in diverse friendship networks.}\line
C Bracegirdle, NK Reimer, M van Zalk, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85096-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85096-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Friendships with members of our own group (ingroup) and other groups (outgroups) shape our attitudes toward outgroups. Research on intergroup contact has shown that the numbers \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A sociocultural norm perspective on Big Five prediction.}\line
J Eck, JE Gebauer (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (13.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85088-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85088-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The Big Five predict numerous preferences, decisions, and behaviors\u8212?but why? To help answer this key question, the present research develops the sociocultural norm \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Deep lexical hypothesis: Identifying personality structure in natural language.}\line
A Cutler, DM Condon (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-18692-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-18692-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent advances in natural language processing (NLP) have produced general models that can perform complex tasks such as summarizing long passages and translating across \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Searching high and low for meaningful and replicable morphometric correlates of personality.}\line
CS Hyatt, BM Sharpe, MM Owens, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-02069-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-02069-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent personality neuroscience research in large samples suggests that personality traits tend to bear null-to-small relations to morphometric (ie, brain structure) regions of interest \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Policies and prejudice: Integration policies moderate the link between immigrant presence and anti-immigrant prejudice.}\line
J Kende, O Sarrasin, A Manatschal, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-24155-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-24155-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i More people than ever migrate across the world, thereby more people than ever live, study, and work in countries, regions, and institutions with high immigrant presence. Conflict and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality and health: Disentangling their between-person and within-person relationship in three longitudinal studies.}\line
J Luo, B Zhang, R Estabrook, EK Graham, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31794-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31794-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality traits and physical health both change over the life span. Theoretical models and empirical evidence suggest that these changes are related. The current study investigated \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Testing the bottom-up and top-down models of self-esteem: A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.}\line
LC Dapp, S Krauss, U Orth (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-13858-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-13858-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present meta-analysis tests the bottom-up and top-down models of self-esteem, by synthesizing the available longitudinal evidence on prospective effects between global and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The psychology of asymmetric zero-sum beliefs.}\line
R Roberts, S Davidai (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-02056-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-02056-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Zero-sum beliefs reflect the perception that one party's gains are necessarily offset by another party's losses. Although zero-sum relationships are, from a strictly theoretical \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who benefits from which activity? On the relations between personality traits, leisure activities, and well-being.}\line
N Kuper, L Kroencke, GM Harari, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14429-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14429-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Leisure activities have been emphasized as an important predictor of well-being. However, little research has examined the effects of leisure activity enactment on well-being over time \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Revisiting the rigidity-of-the-right hypothesis: A meta-analytic review.}\line
TH Costello, SM Bowes, MW Baldwin, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14089-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14089-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The rigidity-of-the-right hypothesis (RRH), which posits that cognitive, motivational, and ideological rigidity resonate with political conservatism, is an influential but controversial \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Need satisfaction in intergroup contact: A multinational study of pathways toward social change.}\line
T H\'e4ssler, J Ullrich, S Sebben, N Shnabel, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 33 (33.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-57403-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-57403-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What role does intergroup contact play in promoting support for social change toward greater social equality? Drawing on the needs-based model of reconciliation, we theorized \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When the ones we love misbehave: Exploring moral processes within intimate bonds.}\line
RC Forbes, JE Stellar (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/16/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/16/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do we react when our romantic partners, friends, or family members behave unethically? When close others misbehave, it generates a powerful conflict between \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Theories of power: Perceived strategies for gaining and maintaining power.}\line
L Ten Brinke, D Keltner (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 19 (19.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69975-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-69975-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What does it take to gain and maintain power? Aristotle believed that power was afforded to individuals that acted in virtuous ways that promote the greater good. Machiavelli, nearly \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When is sensory consumption immoral?}\line
S Goenka, M Thomas (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-16725-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-16725-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although humans are hard-wired to pursue sensory pleasure, they show considerable heterogeneity in their moral evaluations of sensory pleasure. In some societies, sensory \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Affective contingencies of narcissism.}\line
S Grapsas, E Brummelman, M Dufner, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27204-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27204-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Several theories propose that narcissism is rooted in affective contingencies. Given narcissists' focus on power, these contingencies should be strong in the power domain but \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who has different-race friends, and does it depend on context? Openness (to other), but not agreeableness, predicts lower racial homophily in friendship networks.}\line
S Antonoplis, OP John (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52639-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52639-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People form relationships with people from their own racial groups, a phenomenon called racial homophily, which reduces interracial contact and exacerbates inequality and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Top down or bottom up? Evidence from the longitudinal development of global and domain-specific self-esteem in adulthood.}\line
K Rentzsch, M Schr\'f6der-Ab\'e9 (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-86882-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-86882-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Classical theoretical perspectives have implied that either global self-esteem has an impact on domain-specific self-esteem (top-down) or domain-specific self-esteem affects global self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who sees which political falsehoods as more acceptable and why: A new look at in-group loyalty and trustworthiness.}\line
J Galak, CR Critcher (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-70421-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-70421-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many politicians\u8212?even those who occupy some of the most powerful offices in the world\u8212?lie. Five studies examined how conservative and liberal Americans responded to media \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Seeing you reminds me of things that never happened: Attachment anxiety predicts false memories when people can see the communicator.}\line
NW Hudson, WJ Chopik (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14277-001?doi=1"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-14277-001?doi=1}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research suggests that attachment avoidance is robustly linked to memory errors of omission\u8212?such as forgetting information or events that have occurred. Moreover, these \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Lightening the load: Perceived partner responsiveness fosters more positive appraisals of relational sacrifices.}\line
ML Visserman, A Muise, F Righetti, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-16909-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-16909-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Romantic partners regularly sacrifice their own self-interest when partners' needs and preferences diverge. The present work examines the role of perceived partner \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The development of the rank-order stability of the Big Five across the life span.}\line
IS Seifert, JM Rohrer, B Egloff, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52639-004"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52639-004}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Several studies have suggested that the rank-order stability of personality increases until midlife and declines later in old age. However, this inverted U-shaped pattern has not \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Relational versus structural goals prioritize different social information.}\line
G Nicolas, ST Fiske, A Koch, R Imhoff, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (14.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/4/659/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/4/659/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People gather information about others along a few fundamental dimensions; their current goals determine which dimensions they most need to know. As proponents of competing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Morality, punishment, and revealing other people's secrets.}\line
JM Salerno, ML Slepian (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27816-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27816-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Nine studies represent the first investigation into when and why people reveal other people's secrets. Although people keep their own immoral secrets to avoid being punished, we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Beautiful seems good, but perhaps not in every way: Linking attractiveness to moral evaluation through perceived vanity.}\line
DE Han, SM Laurent (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-65490-001?doi=1"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-65490-001?doi=1}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i For almost 50 years, psychologists have understood that what is beautiful is perceived as good. This simple and intuitively appealing hypothesis has been confirmed in many ways \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Six dimensions describe action understanding: The ACT-FASTaxonomy.}\line
MA Thornton, DI Tamir (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-89477-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-89477-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Humans engage in a wide variety of different actions and activities. These range from simple motor actions like reaching for an object, to complex activities like governing a nation \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The impact of social identity conflict on planning horizons.}\line
Y Yu, Y Zhang (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-20604-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-20604-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In the current increasingly complex environment, people often hold multiple social identities. For example, an Asian American may identify as both an American and an Asian \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Is diversity enough? Cross-race and cross-class interactions in college occur less often than expected, but benefit members of lower status groups when they occur.}\line
RM Carey, NM Stephens, SSM Townsend, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-37302-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-37302-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i More than ever before, institutions of higher education are seeking to increase the racial and social class diversity of their student bodies. Given these efforts, the present research asks \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Predicting educational and social\u8211?emotional outcomes in emerging adulthood from intelligence, personality, and socioeconomic status.}\line
ZF Haider, S von Stumm (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-59895-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-59895-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Emerging adulthood describes the developmental life stage between adolescence and adulthood, when young people gain important educational and social\u8211?emotional skills \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does hoodwinking others pay? The psychological and relational consequences of undetected negotiator deception.}\line
AB Van Zant, JA Kennedy, LJ Kray (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-21097-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-21097-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Lies often go undetected, and we know little about the psychological and relational consequences of successfully deceiving others. While the evidence to date indicates that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do people agree on how they and others are acting? Examining the degree of target\u8211?observer and observer\u8211?observer agreement about current behavior as it \u8230?}\line
E Jayawickreme, SE Holleran, S Sutton, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-12697-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-12697-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The purpose of the present research was to test the level of agreement between targets and observers both at any given moment and as the targets' current behavior (assessed as \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People attribute humanness to men and women differently based on their facial appearance.}\line
R Alaei, JC Deska, K Hugenberg, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-59067-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-59067-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recognizing others' humanity is fundamental to how people think about and treat each other. People often ascribe greater humanness to groups that they socially value, but do \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b New parental positivity: The role of positive emotions in promoting relational adjustment during the transition to parenthood.}\line
BP Don, J Eller, JA Simpson, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-94733-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-94733-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The transition to parenthood can be a challenging time for new parent couples, as a baby comes with changes and stress that can negatively influence new parents' relational \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Expect and you shall perceive: People who expect better in turn perceive better behaviors from their romantic partners.}\line
S Joel, JA Maxwell, D Khera, J Peetz, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-20898-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-20898-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People who are happy with their romantic relationships report that their partners are particularly effective at meeting their everyday relational needs. However, the literature \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The articulatory in-out effect: Driven by consonant preferences?}\line
M Ingendahl, T Vogel (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-66316-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-66316-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The articulatory in-out effect describes the preference for stimuli with an inward-wandering consonant order (eg, BODIKA) as opposed to an outward-wandering consonant order (eg \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Evaluative context and conditioning effects among same and different objects.}\line
H Alves, R Imhoff (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-87038-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-87038-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We address an apparent discrepancy in the literature on how context stimuli influence evaluations of target stimuli. While a rich literature suggests that target evaluations are often \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Positivity resonance in long-term married couples: Multimodal characteristics and consequences for health and longevity.}\line
JL Wells, CM Haase, ES Rothwell, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22999-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22999-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The Positivity Resonance Theory of coexperienced positive affect describes moments of interpersonal connection characterized by shared positive affect, caring \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Envy and help giving.}\line
R Montal-Rosenberg, S Moran (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-62974-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-62974-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In this research, we explored and demonstrated a relatively implicit and covert means of undermining envied targets\u8212?namely, helping them in a way that retains their future \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Mastery-approach goals: A large-scale cross-cultural analysis of antecedents and consequences.}\line
J Guo, X Hu, AJ Elliot, HW Marsh, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-02637-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-02637-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Mastery-approach (MAP) goals, focusing on developing competence and acquiring task mastery, are posited to be the most optimal, beneficial type of achievement goal for \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What counts as discrimination? How principles of merit shape fairness of demographic decisions.}\line
TK Tomova Shakur, LT Phillips (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22086-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-22086-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Demographic attributes (eg, age, disability, race) frequently affect people's decisions. We provide a novel perspective as to why such discrimination persists: Meritocratic principles \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?What was meant to be\u8221? versus \u8220?what might have been\u8221?: Effects of culture and control on counterfactual thinking.}\line
AT Maitner, A Summerville (2022)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Counterfactual thinking is a ubiquitous feature of daily life with links to causal reasoning. Therefore, we argue that cultures that vary in perceptions of what controls important life \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Do you make a better or worse impression than you think?}\line
N Elsaadawy, EN Carlson (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-85168-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-85168-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Are people's metaperceptions, or their beliefs about how others perceive them, too positive, too negative, or spot on? Across six samples of new acquaintances (total N= 1,113) and/or \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When alterations are violations: Moral outrage and punishment in response to (even minor) alterations to rituals.}\line
DH Stein, J Schroeder, NM Hobson, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (15.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-10890-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-10890-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i From Catholics performing the sign of the cross since the 4th century to Americans reciting the Pledge of Allegiance since the 1890s, group rituals (ie, predefined sequences of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Bigotry and the human\u8211?animal divide:(Dis) belief in human evolution and bigoted attitudes across different cultures.}\line
S Syropoulos, U Lifshin, J Greenberg, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-32126-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-32126-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current investigation tested if people's basic belief in the notion that human beings have developed from other animals (ie, belief in evolution) can predict human-to-human prejudice \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Victims need more than power: Empowerment and moral change independently predict victims' satisfaction and willingness to reconcile.}\line
M Fischer, M Twardawski, P Strelan, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-34278-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-34278-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Punishing offenders for their misdeeds can restore a sense of justice achieved (ie, justice-related satisfaction) among victims and increase their willingness to reconcile, especially if \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Mapping the self: A network approach for understanding psychological and neural representations of self-concept structure.}\line
J Elder, B Cheung, T Davis, ... (2022)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-78365-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-78365-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How people self-reflect and maintain a coherent sense of self is an important question that spans from early philosophy to modern psychology and neuroscience. Research on the self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The affective harm account (AHA) of moral judgment: Reconciling cognition and affect, dyadic morality and disgust, harm and purity.}\line
K Gray, JK MacCormack, T Henry, E Banks, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-48947-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-48947-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Moral psychology has long debated whether moral judgment is rooted in harm versus affect. We reconcile this debate with the affective harm account (AHA) of moral judgment. The AHA \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Mapping principal dimensions of prejudice in the United States.}\line
R Bergh, MJ Brandt (2022)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11246-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-11246-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research is often guided by maps of elementary dimensions, such as core traits, foundations of morality, and principal stereotype dimensions. Yet, there is no comprehensive \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social dominance orientation and right-wing authoritarianism across the adult lifespan: An examination of aging and cohort effects.}\line
E Zubielevitch, D Osborne, P Milojev, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-71241-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-71241-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social dominance orientation (SDO) and right-wing authoritarianism (RWA) are foundational constructs in intergroup relations, yet their development across the lifespan is poorly \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The power of rank information.}\line
JS Chun, RP Larrick (2022)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/6/983/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/6/983/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People, organizations, and products are continuously ranked. The explosion of data has made it easy to rank everything, and, increasingly, outlets for information try to reduce \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Multiple categorization and intergroup bias: Examining the generalizability of three theories of intergroup relations.}\line
L Grigoryan, JC Cohrs, K Boehnke, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 15 (15.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/34/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/1/34/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on intergroup bias usually focuses on a single dimension of social categorization. In real life, however, people are aware of others' multiple group memberships and use this \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Positivity in peer perceptions over time: Personality explains variation at zero-acquaintance, popularity explains differential change.}\line
R Rau, EN Carlson, M Dufner, K Geukes, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27825-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27825-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People have characteristic ways of perceiving others' personalities. When judging others on several traits, some perceivers tend to form globally positive and others tend to form globally \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The role of temperament in the onset of suicidal ideation and behaviors across adolescence: Findings from a 10-year longitudinal study of Mexican-origin youth.}\line
KM Lawson, JK Kellerman, EM Kleiman, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-12663-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-12663-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Suicide among young people is an increasingly prevalent and devastating public health crisis around the world. To reduce the rate of suicide, it is important to identify factors that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Gheirat as a complex emotional reaction to relational boundary violations: A mixed-methods investigation.}\line
P Razavi, H Shaban-Azad, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (17.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-64370-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-64370-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People from different cultural backgrounds vary in how they define, perceive, and react to violations of relational boundaries. Muslim cultures are diverse and include nearly one in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social exploration: When people deviate from options explored by others.}\line
YK Winet, Y Tu, S Choshen-Hillel, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-91609-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-91609-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People often face choices between known options and unknown ones. Our research documents a social-exploration effect: People are more likely to explore unknown options \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Spontaneous interpersonal complementarity in the lab: A multilevel approach to modeling the antecedents and consequences of people's interpersonal behaviors and \u8230?}\line
E Kurzius, P Borkenau, D Leising (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 11 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-08157-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-08157-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The principles of \u8220?interpersonal complementarity\u8221? posit that one person's behavior tends to evoke reactions from others that are similar with regard to affiliation, but dissimilar with \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Stability and change of perceived characteristics of major life events.}\line
P Haehner, S Kritzler, I Fassbender, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-87830-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-87830-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The occurrence of major life events is associated with changes in well-being and personality. To better understand these effects, it is important to consider how individuals \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On the value of modesty: How signals of status undermine cooperation.}\line
S Srna, A Barasch, DA Small (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-53095-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-53095-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The widespread demand for luxury is best understood by the social advantages of signaling status (ie, conspicuous consumption; Veblen, 1899). In the present research, we examine \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Connect or protect? Social class and self-protection in romantic relationships.}\line
LF Emery, EJ Finkel (2022)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-62286-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-62286-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Lower SES (socioeconomic status) couples tend to face particular challenges in their relationships. Relative to higher SES couples, they are less likely to marry and more likely to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The global belief that \u8220?life gets better and better\u8221?: National differences in recollected past, present, and anticipated future life satisfaction around the world, across time \u8230?}\line
MA Busseri (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44673-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44673-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i National-level differences in individuals' ratings of their recollected past, current, and anticipated future life satisfaction (LS) were examined using results from two pioneering \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Instrumental goal activation increases online petition support across languages.}\line
DM Markowitz (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-26203-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-26203-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on processing fluency and instrumental goal activation suggests people often perceive complex information positively when effort in a task is valued. The current article \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Priority of racial and gender categorization of faces: A social task demand framework.}\line
T Zhang, Y Zhou, S Han (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-80175-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-80175-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social categorization of faces occurs along multiple dimensions such as race and gender and influences interpersonal interactions widely. Does social categorization of faces along \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?I\u8221? am more concrete than \u8220?we\u8221?: Linguistic abstraction and first-person pronoun usage.}\line
Y Yin, CJ Wakslak, PD Joshi (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27042-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-27042-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i There has been much discussion around when people use \u8220?I\u8221? versus \u8220?we\u8221? pronouns, and abstract versus concrete communications, as well as how each of these can shape \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The transmission of gender stereotypes through televised patterns of nonverbal bias.}\line
SA Lamer, P Dvorak, AM Biddle, K Pauker, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31803-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31803-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i One tacit assumption in social psychology is that people learn gender stereotypes from their environments. Yet, little research has examined how such learning might occur: What are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Boosting college prospects among low-income students: Using self-affirmation to trigger motivation and a behavioral ladder to channel it.}\line
O Fotuhi, PJ Ehret, S Kocsik, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/2/187/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/2/187/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Access to college for students from low-income families is disproportionately low because of many factors. A targeted intervention that addresses social psychological factors is \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Surprised elaboration: When White men get longer sentences.}\line
L Eskreis-Winkler, A Fishbach (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-36289-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-36289-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We present a new consequence of stereotypes: they affect the length of communications. People say more about events that violate common stereotypes than those that confirm \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Status of immigrants' country of origin and Americans' assimilation expectations.}\line
X Zhao, M Biernat (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-79064-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-79064-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Building on perspectives on triadic group relations and status hierarchies, we predicted that Americans would be more likely to expect immigrants from a perceived low-status rather \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Partisan-motivated sampling: Re-examining politically motivated reasoning across the information processing stream.}\line
Y Derreumaux, R Bergh, BL Hughes (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/2/316/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/123/2/316/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The United States is increasingly politically polarized, fueling intergroup conflict and intensifying partisan biases in cognition and behavior. To date, research on intergroup bias \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The importance of being unearnest: Opportunists and the making of culture.}\line
I Hernandez, D Cohen, K Gruschow, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-46931-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-46931-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Opportunistic actors\u8212?who behave expediently, cheating when they can and offering minimal cooperation only when they have to\u8212?play an important role in producing some \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Enjoying the sweet moments: Does approach motivation upwardly enhance reactivity to positive interpersonal processes?}\line
BP Don, BL Fredrickson, SB Algoe (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 10 (10.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-97284-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-97284-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In intimate relationships, greater social approach motivation is associated with a host of personal and relational benefits. Why is this the case? Although previous research suggests \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Implicit theories of opportunity: When opportunity fails to knock, keep waiting, or start cultivating?}\line
PA O'Keefe, EJ Horberg, F Lee, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-29422-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-29422-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We live in a time of disappearing professions, pandemic-related upheaval, and growing social inequality. While recognizing that good opportunities are unequally distributed in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social norms govern what behaviors come to mind\u8212?And what do not.}\line
DA Kalkstein, CJ Hook, BM Hard, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-18691-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-18691-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i It is well known that norms influence behavior. Beyond simply shaping what people do, we argue that norms constrain what behaviors even come to mind as options, effectively \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality evaluated: What do people most like and dislike about themselves and their friends?}\line
J Sun, B Neufeld, P Snelgrove, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 9 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-41548-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-41548-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i What do people think their best and worst personality traits are? Do their friends agree? Across three samples, 463 college students (\u8220?targets\u8221?) and their friends freely described two \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The incremental validity of average states: A replication and extension of Finnigan and Vazire (2018).}\line
SM Breil, PC Schweppe, K Geukes, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-28538-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-28538-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i States refer to our momentary thoughts, feelings, and behaviors. Average states (aggregates across multiple time points) are discussed as a more accurate and objective measure of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Dynamic contact effects: Individuals' positive and negative contact history influences intergroup contact effects in a behavioral game.}\line
SJ Sch\'e4fer, M Simsek, E Jaspers, M Kros, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85470-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-85470-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Positive contact between members of different groups reduces prejudice and increases cooperation, findings known as intergroup contact effects. Yet in real-world settings not only \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Presentation in self-posted facial images can expose sexual orientation: Implications for research and privacy.}\line
D Wang (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52639-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-52639-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent research has found that facial recognition algorithms can accurately classify people's sexual orientations using naturalistic facial images, highlighting a severe risk to privacy. This \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Investigating the within-person structure and correlates of emotional experiences in everyday life using an emotion family approach.}\line
JM Chung, GM Harari, JJA Denissen (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-69699-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-69699-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examined self-reported emotional experiences in three short-term intensive longitudinal studies of Mechanical Turk workers in the United States (Ns= 55; 107; 229). We used an \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Fact or artifact? Demand characteristics and participants' beliefs can moderate, but do not fully account for, the effects of facial feedback on emotional experience.}\line
NA Coles, L Gaertner, B Frohlich, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 12 (12.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-65462-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-65462-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The facial feedback hypothesis suggests that an individual's facial expressions can influence their emotional experience (eg, that smiling can make one feel happier). However \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b \u8220?Just letting you know\u8230?\u8221? Underestimating others' desire for constructive feedback.}\line
N Abi-Esber, JE Abel, J Schroeder, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44062-001?doi=1"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44062-001?doi=1}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People sometimes avoid giving feedback to others even when it would help fix others' problems. For example, only 2.6% of individuals in a pilot field study provided feedback to a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How do people think about the impressions they make on others? The attitudes and substance of metaperceptions.}\line
N Elsaadawy, EN Carlson, JM Chung, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-85646-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-85646-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research aims to further our understanding of the processes of metaperception formation and meta-accuracy by introducing the positivity\u8211?specificity model to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The spatial representation of leadership depends on ecological threat: A replication and extension of Menon et al.(2010).}\line
E Stamkou, AC Homan, GA van Kleef, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31796-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-31796-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Since humanity's first steps, individuals have used nonverbal cues to communicate and infer leadership, such as walking ahead of others. Menon et al.,(2010) showed that the use of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Parenting orientations in young adulthood: Predicting timing of parenthood and quality of postpartum caregiving.}\line
JA Macdonald, S Collins, CJ Greenwood, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-21510-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-21510-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Most but not all adults become parents, yet it remains unclear which characteristics indicate an orientation toward parenting. The aims of this study were to (a) distinguish profiles of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The role of social categorization and social dominance orientation in behavioral adaptability.}\line
T Palese, M Schmid Mast (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-89414-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2020-89414-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Behavioral adaptability is the ability to adapt one's interpersonal behavior to the expectations of the social interaction partners. In this paper, we investigated two factors that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reckless gambles and responsible ventures: Racialized prototypes of risk-taking.}\line
JE Wages III, SP Perry, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 7 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/2/202/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/2/202/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Risk-taking is sometimes admired and sometimes disparaged. In this research, we examine previously unexplored questions concerning how membership in social groups is related to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How you look is who you are: The appearance reveals character lay theory increases support for facial profiling.}\line
S Madan, K Savani, GV Johar (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-50454-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-50454-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People are excessively confident that they can judge others' characteristics from their appearance. This research identifies a novel antecedent of this phenomenon. Ten studies \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Lay theories of financial well-being predict political and policy message preferences.}\line
JMT Krijnen, G \'dclk\'fcmen, JE Bogard, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-29920-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-29920-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People differ in their lay theories about how and why the financial well-being of individuals changes over time or varies between individuals. We introduce a measure of Causal \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Unraveling values and well-being\u8212?Disentangling within-and between-person dynamics via a psychometric network perspective.}\line
R Fischer, JA Karl (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-17999-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2023-17999-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i There have been long-standing debates on the relationships between values as important motivational goals and well-being. We used a longitudinal network perspective to examine \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Meh, whatever: The effects of indifference expressions on cooperation in social conflict.}\line
S Cohen-Chen, GL Brady, S Massaro, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-37299-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-37299-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Conflicts are inherently emotional, yet parties in conflict may choose to explicitly express indifference. It is unclear, however, whether this represents an effective strategy. Drawing on \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Actor and partner power are distinct and have differential effects on social behavior.}\line
NC Overall, JK Maner, MD Hammond, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-65157-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-65157-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Interpersonal power involves how much actors can influence partners (actor power) and how much partners can influence actors (partner power). Yet, most theories and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Measuring the belief system of a person.}\line
MJ Brandt (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-41545-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-41545-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Theories of belief system structure and dynamics assume that belief systems are a person-level construct. However, measures of belief system structure do not measure the structure \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Collective deviance: Scaling up subjective group dynamics to superordinate categories reveals a deviant ingroup protection effect.}\line
D Abrams, GA Travaglino, JM Marques, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 6 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-08618-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-08618-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Six experiments examined responses to groups whose attitudes deviated from wider social norms about asylum and immigration (in the United Kingdom), or about taxation levels (in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who would mourn democracy? Liberals might, but it depends on who's in charge.}\line
R Benjamin, K Laurin, M Chiang (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 4 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/5/779/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/122/5/779/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite widespread support for the principles of democracy, democratic norms have been eroding globally for over a decade. We ask whether and how political ideology factors into \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A dual process social psychological model of corrupt intention and attitudes toward corrupt people.}\line
F Vilanova, TL Milfont, AB Costa (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-45141-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-45141-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Preliminary studies indicate that ideologies and worldviews are key in understanding the motivation behind corruption. Yet, there is no model seeking to explain corrupt intention that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The interpersonal nature of self-talk: Variations across individuals and occasions.}\line
JP Lefebvre, P Sadler, A Hall, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-20239-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-20239-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research addressed the hypothesis that self-talk conveys a variety of interpersonal styles, representing different ways of addressing oneself, and that these different styles can \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The causal effect of testosterone on men's competitive behavior is moderated by basal cortisol and cues to an opponent's status: Evidence for a context-dependent \u8230?}\line
EL Knight, PJ Morales, CB Christian, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-35004-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-35004-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Testosterone has been theorized to direct status-seeking behaviors, including competitive behavior. However, most human studies to date have adopted correlational designs, and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Rank-order stability of relationship satisfaction: A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.}\line
JL B\'fchler, U Orth (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-83785-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-83785-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Satisfaction with a romantic relationship often changes over time, and individuals differ in how satisfied they are in their relationship. However, no systematic review is available \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Me as good and me as bad: Priming the self triggers positive and negative implicit evaluations.}\line
V Zayas, AM Wang, JD McCalla (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-95010-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-95010-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although theories of personality and human behavior have long assumed that the self is affectively complex, widely used indirect measures of implicit self-evaluations have largely \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Context-dependent learning in social interaction: Trait impressions support flexible social choices.}\line
LM Hackel, P Mende-Siedlecki, S Loken, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 5 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-28517-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-28517-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i How do humans learn, through social interaction, whom to depend on in different situations? We compared the extent to which inferred trait attributes\u8212?as opposed to learned reward \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Grammatical gender and anthropomorphism:\u8220?It\u8221? depends on the language.}\line
A Mecit, TM Lowrey, LJ Shrum (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44219-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-44219-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When English speakers anthropomorphize animals or objects, they refer to such entities using human pronouns (eg, he or she instead of it). Unlike English, which marks gender only \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Regulatory fit intensifies moral predispositions.}\line
C Achar, AY Lee (2022)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-48403-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-48403-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The experience of regulatory fit shapes subsequent moral conduct by intensifying moral predispositions. Results of seven studies (n= 3,559) show that individuals experiencing \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Attendees of the Dignity Symposium. 2022. Dignity Research Agenda Consensus Statement. IDinsight Dignity Initiative}\line
T Wein (2022)\line
idinsight.org\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.idinsight.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Research-Agenda-Consensus-Statement.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.idinsight.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Research-Agenda-Consensus-Statement.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This consensus statement on the research agenda on dignity will serve as a reference for those in academia and adjacent research fields proposing to study dignity, respect and its \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Transparency and Openness}\line
RE Lucas (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Pooling finances and relationship satisfaction.}\line
JJ Gladstone, EN Garbinsky, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 3 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-42962-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-42962-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When couples decide to share their lives, they are simultaneously faced with the decision of how (or whether) to pool their finances. Does the way in which couples keep their money \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Discrimination is not just Black and White in romantic relationships: A consideration of perspective taking and self-expansion.}\line
AJ Caselli, LV Machia (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-07464-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2022-07464-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Interracial relationships can satisfy our human need for interpersonal bonds, but face adversity due to racial discrimination. This adversity is not parallel for the involved partners \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Emmie Banks, Chelsea Schein, Emma Armstrong-Carter, Samantha Abrams, and Keely A Muscatell. 2022. The affective harm account (AHA) of moral \u8230?}\line
K Gray, JK MacCormack, T Henry (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (3.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Back, and Jenny Wagner. 2022. Well-being in social interactions: Examining personality-situation dynamics in face-to-face and computer-mediated \u8230?}\line
L Kroencke, GM Harari, D Mitja (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Interdependence and Cooperation in Daily Life (vol 120, pg 626, 2020)}\line
S Columbus, C Molho, F Righetti, ... (2022)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, research.vu.nl\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://research.vu.nl/en/publications/interdependence-and-cooperation-in-daily-life-vol-120-pg-626-2020"}{\fldrslt \ul https://research.vu.nl/en/publications/interdependence-and-cooperation-in-daily-life-vol-120-pg-626-2020}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Interdependence and Cooperation in Daily Life (vol 120, pg 626, 2020) \u8212? Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam Skip to main navigation Skip to search Skip to main content Vrije Universiteit \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b INNOVATIONS IN SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY}\line
RM Carey, NM Stephens, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? social psychology, collaborate.princeton.edu\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://collaborate.princeton.edu/en/publications/innovations-in-social-psychology"}{\fldrslt \ul https://collaborate.princeton.edu/en/publications/innovations-in-social-psychology}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i More than ever before, institutions of higher education are seeking to increase the racial and social class diversity of their student bodies. Given these efforts, the present research asks \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Multiple categorization and intergroup bias: Examining the generalizability of three theories of intergroup relations.}\line
F van de Vijver, L Grigoryan, ... (2022)\line
\u8230? Personality and \u8230?, research.tilburguniversity.edu\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://research.tilburguniversity.edu/en/publications/multiple-categorization-and-intergroup-bias-examining-the-general"}{\fldrslt \ul https://research.tilburguniversity.edu/en/publications/multiple-categorization-and-intergroup-bias-examining-the-general}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Research on intergroup bias usually focuses on a single dimension of social categorization. In real life, however, people are aware of others' multiple group memberships and use this \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Video games and aggressive thoughts, feelings, and behavior in the laboratory and in life}\line
C Anderson, KE Dill (2022)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, dialnet.unirioja.es\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://dialnet.unirioja.es/servlet/articulo?codigo=8474537"}{\fldrslt \ul https://dialnet.unirioja.es/servlet/articulo?codigo=8474537}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Two studies examined violent video game effects on aggression-related variables. Study 1 found that real-life violent video game play was positively related to aggressive behavior \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Between-Person Methods Provide Limited Insight About Within-Person Belief Systems (vol 123, pg 621, 2022)}\line
MJ Brandt, GS Morgan (2022)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Through the Looking Glass: A Lens-Based Account of Intersectional Stereotyping (Jan, 10.1037/pspi0000382, 2022)}\line
CD Petsko, AS Rosette, ... (2022)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b On the Value of Modesty: How Signals of Status Undermine Cooperation (Apr, 10.1037/pspa0000303, 2022)}\line
S Srna, A Barasch, DA Small (2022)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Context-Dependent Learning in Social Interaction: Trait Impressions Support Flexible Social Choices (Feb, 10.1037/pspa0000296, 2022)}\line
LM Hackel, P Mende-Siedlecki, ... (2022)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Disentangling Stereotype Activation and Stereotype Application in the Stereotype Misperception Task (vol 103, pg 205, 2012)}\line
R Krieglmeyer, JW Sherman (2022)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Abdelal, Rawi, Herrera, Yoshiko M., Johnston, Alastair Iain &McDermott, Rose (2006): Identity as a Variable. Perspectives on Politics, 4, 695-711. \'c1gh \u8230?}\line
PD Allison, M Data, T Oaks\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Abell, L. &Brewer, G.(2014). Machiavellianism, self-monitoring, self-promotion and relational aggression on Facebook. Computers in Human Behavior, 36 \u8230?}\line
M Aguilar, J Miller, S Levy, T Vaughan, MDS Ainsworth, ...\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b En f\'f6rv\'e4xling mellan personlighetsdrag och kompetens sker n\'e4r vi bildar oss en uppfattning om andra}\line
R H\'e4ggblom, R H\'e4ggblom\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, researchportal.hkr.se\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://researchportal.hkr.se/files/43906015/En_fo_rva_xling_mellan_personlighetsdrag_och_kompetens_sker_na_r_vi_bildar_oss_en_uppfattning_om_andra_fulltext.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://researchportal.hkr.se/files/43906015/En_fo_rva_xling_mellan_personlighetsdrag_och_kompetens_sker_na_r_vi_bildar_oss_en_uppfattning_om_andra_fulltext.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Den moderna personlighetsforskningen pekar p\'e5 att vi i personlighetsbed\'f6mningar genom sj\'e4lvskattning tenderar att f\'f6rv\'e4xla personlighetsdrag med kompetens. I denna studie \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b 1. Darba lapa: Eksperimentu saraksts}\line
JM Darley, B Latan\'e9, U Emeghara, J Dean, S McLeod\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Prosocialitet och positiv affekt: hur minnen av att ge och f\'e5 ber\'f6m p\'e5verkar positiva k\'e4nslor}\line
A Danielsson, A Danielsson\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, researchportal.hkr.se\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://researchportal.hkr.se/files/43217338/Uppsats_AnnaDanielsson.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://researchportal.hkr.se/files/43217338/Uppsats_AnnaDanielsson.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Prosociala handlingar har en positiv inverkan p\'e5 v\'e4lm\'e5ende. Detta g\'e4ller b\'e5de vid givande och mottagande av prosocialitet. Det har \'e4ven visats att minnen av att ge prosociala \u8230?}\par}
}
