{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deftab1080
{\stylesheet{\s0\fs24\sa120 Normal;}{\s1\fs44\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 1;}{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 2;}{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 3;}{\s4\fs32\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 4;}{\s5\fs28\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 5;}{\s6\fs24\b\sa120\keep\keepn Heading 6;}}
{\s2\fs40\b\sa120\keep\keepn Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from 2018 to 2018, no patents\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Publish or Perish 8.9.4538.8589 (extended report)\line
WinPosix (x64) edition, running on WinPosix 10.0.22631 (x64)}\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Search terms\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Publication name:} Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\line
{\b Years:} 2018 to 2018\line
{\b Other options:} include citations; exclude patents\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Data retrieval\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Data source:} Google Scholar\line
{\b Search date:} 2023-08-22 16:14:40 -00400\line
{\b Cache date:} 2023-08-22 21:26:44 -00400\line
{\b Search result:} [0] No error\line
\line
{\i {\b Important:} This data source provides only abbreviated data. Any ellipses (... marks) shown in this report originate with the data source; they are NOT caused by subsequent processing in Publish or Perish.}\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Metrics\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reference date:} 2023-08-22 21:26:44 -00400\line
{\b Publication years:} 2018-2018\line
{\b Citation years:} 5 (2018-2023)\line
{\b Papers:} 119\line
{\b Citations:} 8720\line
{\b Citations/year:} 1744.00 (acc1=107, acc2=105, acc5=88, acc10=56, acc20=29)\line
{\b Citations/paper:} 73.28\line
{\b Citations/author:} 2953.85\line
{\b Papers/author:} 42.60\line
{\b Authors/paper:} 3.32/3.0/4 (mean/median/mode)\line
{\b Age-weighted citation rate:} 1744.00 (sqrt=41.76), 590.77/author\line
{\b Hirsch h-index:} 53 (a=3.10, m=10.60, 7040 cites=80.7% coverage)\line
{\b Egghe g-index:} 92 (g/h=1.74, 8466 cites=97.1% coverage)\line
{\b PoP hI,norm:} 29\line
{\b PoP hI,annual:} 5.80\line
{\b Fassin hA-index:} 22\line
\par}
{\s3\fs36\b\sa120\keep\keepn Results\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Deep neural networks are more accurate than humans at detecting sexual orientation from facial images.}\line
Y Wang, M Kosinski (2018)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 741 (148.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03783-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03783-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We show that faces contain much more information about sexual orientation than can be perceived or interpreted by the human brain. We used deep neural networks to extract \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Interpersonal emotion regulation: Implications for affiliation, perceived support, relationships, and well-being.}\line
WC Williams, SA Morelli, DC Ong, ... (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 320 (64.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-20533-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-20533-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 115 (4) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2018-45703-004). In the article, there \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b New recommendations for testing indirect effects in mediational models: The need to report and test component paths.}\line
V Yzerbyt, D Muller, C Batailler, ... (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 275 (55.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63189-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63189-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In light of current concerns with replicability and reporting false-positive effects in psychology, we examine Type I errors and power associated with 2 distinct approaches for \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Awe and humility.}\line
JE Stellar, A Gordon, CL Anderson, PK Piff, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 277 (55.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-37794-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-37794-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Humility is a foundational virtue that counters selfish inclinations such as entitlement, arrogance, and narcissism (Tangney, 2000). We hypothesize that experiences of awe \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The psychological health benefits of accepting negative emotions and thoughts: Laboratory, diary, and longitudinal evidence.}\line
BQ Ford, P Lam, OP John, IB Mauss (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 246 (49.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30458-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30458-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Individuals differ in the degree to which they tend to habitually accept their emotions and thoughts without judging them\u8212?a process here referred to as habitual acceptance \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The road to extremism: Field and experimental evidence that significance loss-induced need for closure fosters radicalization.}\line
D Webber, M Babush, N Schori-Eyal, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 223 (44.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-38606-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-38606-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present studies examined the hypothesis that loss of personal significance fuels extremism via the need for cognitive closure. Situations of significance loss\u8212?those that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perspective mistaking: Accurately understanding the mind of another requires getting perspective, not taking perspective.}\line
T Eyal, M Steffel, N Epley (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 219 (43.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/547/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/547/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Taking another person's perspective is widely presumed to increase interpersonal understanding. Very few experiments, however, have actually tested whether perspective \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The family environment in early childhood has a long-term effect on self-esteem: A longitudinal study from birth to age 27 years.}\line
U Orth (2018)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 197 (39.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/637/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/637/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A better understanding is needed of the factors that shape the development of individual differences in self-esteem. Using a prospective longitudinal design, this research tested \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Wisdom, bias, and balance: Toward a process-sensitive measurement of wisdom-related cognition.}\line
JP Brienza, FYH Kung, HC Santos, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 186 (37.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-42043-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-42043-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 115 (6) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2018-63189-002). In the article, the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How mindfulness training promotes positive emotions: Dismantling acceptance skills training in two randomized controlled trials.}\line
EK Lindsay, B Chin, CM Greco, S Young, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 178 (35.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63189-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63189-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Mindfulness meditation interventions\u8212?which train skills in monitoring present-moment experiences with a lens of acceptance\u8212?have shown promise for increasing positive \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The painful duality of envy: Evidence for an integrative theory and a meta-analysis on the relation of envy and schadenfreude.}\line
J Lange, AC Weidman, J Crusius (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 172 (34.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/572/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/572/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite envy's importance as a driver of social behavior, scholars disagree on its conceptualization. We review the literature and distinguish three incongruent theories:(a) \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The psychological structure of humility.}\line
AC Weidman, JT Cheng, JL Tracy (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 161 (32.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-36396-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2016-36396-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Psychological inquiry into humility has advanced considerably over the past decade, yet this literature suffers from 2 notable limitations. First, there is no clear consensus among \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Humblebragging: A distinct\u8212?and ineffective\u8212?self-presentation strategy.}\line
O Sezer, F Gino, MI Norton (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 163 (32.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/52/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/52/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-presentation is a fundamental aspect of social life, with myriad critical outcomes dependent on others' impressions. We identify and offer the first empirical investigation of a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How do people think about interdependence? A multidimensional model of subjective outcome interdependence.}\line
FH Gerpott, D Balliet, S Columbus, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 150 (30.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-38605-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-38605-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Interdependence is a fundamental characteristic of social interactions. Interdependence Theory states that 6 dimensions describe differences between social situations. Here we \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Overconfidence among beginners: Is a little learning a dangerous thing?}\line
C Sanchez, D Dunning (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 148 (29.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-49272-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-49272-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Across 6 studies we investigated the development of overconfidence among beginners. In 4 of the studies, participants completed multicue probabilistic learning tasks (eg, learning to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Resisting temptation for the good of the group: Binding moral values and the moralization of self-control.}\line
M Mooijman, P Meindl, D Oyserman, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 141 (28.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25569-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25569-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When do people see self-control as a moral issue? We hypothesize that the group-focused \u8220?binding\u8221? moral values of Loyalty/betrayal, Authority/subversion, and Purity/degradation play \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When both the original study and its failed replication are correct: Feeling observed eliminates the facial-feedback effect.}\line
T Noah, Y Schul, R Mayo (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 142 (28.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/657/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/657/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This article suggests a theoretically driven explanation for a replication failure of one of the basic findings in psychology: the facial-feedback effect. According to the facial-feedback \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b It's about time: Earlier rewards increase intrinsic motivation.}\line
K Woolley, A Fishbach (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 141 (28.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/6/877/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/6/877/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Can immediate (vs. delayed) rewards increase intrinsic motivation? Prior research compared the presence versus absence of rewards. By contrast, this research compared \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Openness to experience and culture-openness transactions across the lifespan.}\line
T Schwaba, M Luhmann, JJA Denissen, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 131 (26.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-23582-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-23582-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examined the life span development of openness to experience and tested whether change in this personality trait was associated with change in cultural activity, such as \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Culture and social hierarchy: Self-and other-oriented correlates of socioeconomic status across cultures.}\line
Y Miyamoto, J Yoo, CS Levine, J Park, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 127 (25.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-22292-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-22292-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Current theorizing on socioeconomic status (SES) focuses on the availability of resources and the freedom they afford as a key determinant of the association between high SES and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-esteem and relationship satisfaction during the transition to motherhood.}\line
MA Van Scheppingen, J Denissen, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 124 (24.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-34253-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-34253-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In the current study, we used 5 waves of longitudinal data from a large representative sample of Norwegian mothers (N= 84,711) to examine the association between romantic \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How you behave in school predicts life success above and beyond family background, broad traits, and cognitive ability.}\line
M Spengler, RI Damian, BW Roberts (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 110 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/620/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/620/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In this study, we investigated the role of student characteristics and behaviors in a longitudinal study over a 50-year timespan (using a large US representative sample of high \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The double-edged sword of leader charisma: Understanding the curvilinear relationship between charismatic personality and leader effectiveness.}\line
J Vergauwe, B Wille, J Hofmans, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 108 (21.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/110/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/110/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This study advanced knowledge on charisma by (a) introducing a new personality-based model to conceptualize and assess charisma and by (b) investigating curvilinear \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Meta-lay theories of scientific potential drive underrepresented students' sense of belonging to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).}\line
A Rattan, K Savani, M Komarraju, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 110 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-28950-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-28950-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current research investigates people's perceptions of others' lay theories (or mindsets), an understudied construct that we call meta-lay theories. Six studies examine whether \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who is trustworthy? Predicting trustworthy intentions and behavior.}\line
EE Levine, TB Bitterly, TR Cohen, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 110 (22.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-33235-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-33235-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Existing trust research has disproportionately focused on what makes people more or less trusting, and has largely ignored the question of what makes people more or less \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b In the shadow of coal: How large-scale industries contributed to present-day regional differences in personality and well-being.}\line
M Obschonka, M Stuetzer, PJ Rentfrow, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 108 (21.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/5/903/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/5/903/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent research has identified regional variation of personality traits within countries but we know little about the underlying drivers of this variation. We propose that the Industrial \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Affective and cognitive validation of thoughts: An appraisal perspective on anger, disgust, surprise, and awe.}\line
P Bri\'f1ol, RE Petty, M Stavraki, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 101 (20.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-16714-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-16714-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Anger, disgust, surprise, and awe are multifaceted emotions. Both anger and disgust are associated with feeling unpleasant as well as experiencing a sense of confidence, whereas \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Can an unpredictable childhood environment enhance working memory? Testing the sensitized-specialization hypothesis.}\line
ES Young, V Griskevicius, JA Simpson, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 100 (20.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03991-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03991-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although growing up in an adverse childhood environment tends to impair cognitive functions, evolutionary-developmental theory suggests that this might be only one part of the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The bipolarity of affect and depressive symptoms.}\line
E Dejonckheere, M Mestdagh, M Houben, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 100 (20.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03783-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03783-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People differ in the extent to which they experience positive (PA) and negative affect (NA) rather independently or as bipolar opposites. Here, we examine the proposition that the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Why I don't always know what I'm feeling: The role of stress in within-person fluctuations in emotion differentiation.}\line
Y Erbas, E Ceulemans, EK Kalokerinos, ... (2018)\line
Journal of personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 98 (19.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Emotion differentiation, the ability to make fine-grained distinctions between emotional states, has mainly been studied as a trait. In this research, we examine within-person \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Self-esteem across the second half of life: The role of socioeconomic status, physical health, social relationships, and personality factors.}\line
T von Soest, J Wagner, T Hansen, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 97 (19.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-04562-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-04562-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-esteem development across adulthood has been in the center of interest for some time now. However, not much is known about factors that shape self-esteem and its development \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Lean in messages increase attributions of women's responsibility for gender inequality.}\line
JY Kim, GM Fitzsimons, AC Kay (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 86 (17.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63189-004"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-63189-004}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although women's underrepresentation in senior-level positions in the workplace has multiple causes, women's self-improvement or \u8220?empowerment\u8221? at work has recently attracted \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Enacting rituals to improve self-control.}\line
AD Tian, J Schroeder, G H\'e4ubl, JL Risen, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 87 (17.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/6/851/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/6/851/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Rituals are predefined sequences of actions characterized by rigidity and repetition. We propose that enacting ritualized actions can enhance subjective feelings of self-discipline \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The ebbs and flows of attachment: Within-person variation in attachment undermine secure individuals' relationship wellbeing across time.}\line
YU Girme, CR Agnew, LE VanderDrift, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 84 (16.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-53597-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-53597-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although attachment security is relatively stable over time, individuals do experience significant within-person variation in their attachment security across time. No research to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Middle ground approach to paradox: Within-and between-culture examination of the creative benefits of paradoxical frames.}\line
AK Leung, S Liou, E Miron-Spektor, B Koh, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 80 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/3/443/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/3/443/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Thriving in increasingly complex and ambiguous environments requires creativity and the capability to reconcile conflicting demands. Recent evidence with Western samples has \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Unethical and inept? The influence of moral information on perceptions of competence.}\line
JE Stellar, R Willer (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 81 (16.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03783-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03783-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i While moral character heavily influences global evaluations of others (Goodwin, Piazza, &Rozin, 2014), its causal effect on perceptions of others' competence (ie, one's knowledge \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Past-focused temporal communication overcomes conservatives' resistance to liberal political ideas.}\line
J Lammers, M Baldwin (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 80 (16.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-00810-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-00810-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Nine studies and a meta-analysis test the role of past-focused temporal communication in reducing conservatives' disagreement with liberal political ideas. We propose that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How prior information and police experience impact decisions to shoot.}\line
DJ Johnson, J Cesario, TJ Pleskac (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 71 (14.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-45703-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-45703-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social psychologists have relied on computerized shooting tasks to test whether race influences decisions to shoot. These studies reveal that under some conditions untrained \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The incremental validity of average state self-reports over global self-reports of personality.}\line
KM Finnigan, S Vazire (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 76 (15.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-10511-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-10511-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Personality traits are most often assessed using global self-reports of one's general patterns of thoughts, feelings, and behavior. However, recent theories have challenged the idea that \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Climate control: The relationship between social identity threat and cues to an identity-safe culture.}\line
W Hall, T Schmader, A Aday, M Inness, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 68 (13.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/3/446/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/3/446/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social identity threat has been proposed as a key contributor to the underrepresentation of women in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM), but little research has \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceiving groups: The people perception of diversity and hierarchy.}\line
LT Phillips, ML Slepian, BL Hughes (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 73 (14.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-01583-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-01583-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The visual perception of individuals has received considerable attention (visual person perception), but little social psychological work has examined the processes underlying the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Closing your eyes to follow your heart: Avoiding information to protect a strong intuitive preference.}\line
K Woolley, JL Risen (2018)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 69 (13.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-56307-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-56307-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Rationally, people should want to receive information that is costless and relevant for a decision. But people sometimes choose to remain ignorant. The current paper identifies \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Facing humanness: Facial width-to-height ratio predicts ascriptions of humanity.}\line
JC Deska, EP Lloyd, K Hugenberg (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 68 (13.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-36694-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-36694-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 114 (1) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2017-57724-002). In the article, there is a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b To lead or to be liked: When prestige-oriented leaders prioritize popularity over performance.}\line
CR Case, KK Bae, JK Maner (2018)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 66 (13.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-40028-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-40028-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Leaders often are faced with making difficult decisions for their group, such as when a course of action preferred by group members conflicts with one that is likely to optimize \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Proactive control of implicit bias: A theoretical model and implications for behavior change.}\line
DM Amodio, JK Swencionis (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 64 (12.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-004"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-004}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Four experiments examined the effect of proactive control on expressions of implicit racial bias. Whereas reactive control is engaged in response to a biasing influence (eg, a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Developmental differences in reward sensitivity and sensation seeking in adolescence: Testing sex-specific associations with gonadal hormones and pubertal \u8230?}\line
KP Harden, FD Mann, AD Grotzinger, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (12.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-49271-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-49271-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Sensation seeking has been found to increase, on average, from childhood to adolescence. Developmental scientists have hypothesized that this change could be driven by the rise of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Attentional and evaluative biases help people maintain relationships by avoiding infidelity.}\line
JK McNulty, AL Meltzer, A Makhanova, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (12.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/1/76/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/1/76/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Two longitudinal studies of 233 newlywed couples suggest that automatic attentional and evaluative biases regarding attractive relationship alternatives can help people maintain \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The Montagu Principle: Incivility decreases politicians' public approval, even with their political base.}\line
JA Frimer, LJ Skitka (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 62 (12.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/5/845/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/5/845/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i MW Montagu asserted that,\u8220?civility costs nothing and buys everything.\u8221? In the realm of social judgment, the notion that people generally evaluate civil people more favorably than uncivil \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Enhanced versus simply positive: A new condition-based regression analysis to disentangle effects of self-enhancement from effects of positivity of self-view.}\line
S Humberg, M Dufner, FD Sch\'f6nbrodt, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 63 (12.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-13228-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-13228-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Despite a large body of literature and ongoing refinements of analytical techniques, research on the consequences of self-enhancement (SE) is still vague about how to define \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Beautiful mess effect: Self\u8211?other differences in evaluation of showing vulnerability.}\line
A Bruk, SG Scholl, H Bless (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (10.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/2/192/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/2/192/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Confessing romantic feelings, asking for help, or taking responsibility for a mistake constitute just a few examples of situations that require showing one's vulnerability. Out of fear, many \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Honesty-humility under threat: Self-uncertainty destroys trust among the nice guys.}\line
S Pfattheicher, R B\'f6hm (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 59 (11.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09885-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09885-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Recent research on humans' prosociality has highlighted the crucial role of Honesty-Humility, a basic trait in the HEXACO personality model. There is overwhelming evidence \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Charisma in everyday life: Conceptualization and validation of the General Charisma Inventory.}\line
KO Tskhay, R Zhu, C Zou, NO Rule (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 55 (11.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/131/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/131/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although both scholars and lay people are fascinated with charismatic individuals, relatively few theorists have attempted to define charisma. Much of the empirical research examining \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceived problem-solving deficits and suicidal ideation: Evidence for the explanatory roles of thwarted belongingness and perceived burdensomeness in five \u8230?}\line
C Chu, KL Walker, IH Stanley, JK Hirsch, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 57 (11.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-27909-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-27909-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Perceived social problem-solving deficits are associated with suicide risk; however, little research has examined the mechanisms underlying this relationship. The interpersonal \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Appraisal-driven facial actions as building blocks for emotion inference.}\line
KR Scherer, M Mortillaro, I Rotondi, I Sergi, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 51 (10.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-06603-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-06603-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Although research on facial emotion recognition abounds, there has been little attention on the nature of the underlying mechanisms. In this article, using a \u8220?reverse engineering\u8221? \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b When and why is religious attendance associated with antigay bias and gay rights opposition? A justification-suppression model approach.}\line
MR Hoffarth, G Hodson, DS Molnar (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 53 (10.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18114-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-18114-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Even in relatively tolerant countries, antigay bias remains socially divisive, despite being widely viewed as violating social norms of tolerance. From a Justification-Suppression \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b What inverted U can do for your country: A curvilinear relationship between confidence in the social system and political engagement.}\line
A Cichocka, P G\'f3rska, JT Jost, RM Sutton, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 61 (12.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-36190-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-36190-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We examined the link between political engagement and the tendency to justify the sociopolitical system. On one hand, confidence in the system should be negatively related to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b People in more racially diverse neighborhoods are more prosocial.}\line
J Nai, J Narayanan, I Hernandez, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 48 (9.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/497/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/4/497/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Five studies tested the hypothesis that people living in more diverse neighborhoods would have more inclusive identities, and would thus be more prosocial. Study 1 found that people \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The accumulation of stereotype-based self-fulfilling prophecies.}\line
S Madon, L Jussim, M Guyll, H Nofziger, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 46 (9.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51567-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51567-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 116 (1) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2018-66103-004). In the article \u8220?The \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Moral self-regulation, moral identity, and religiosity.}\line
SJ Ward, LA King (2018)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 44 (8.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34610-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34610-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The association between religiosity and morality identified in self-reports has received limited support from studies of actual behavior. We propose that religiosity variables are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality development and adjustment in college: A multifaceted, cross-national view.}\line
TA Klimstra, EE Noftle, K Luyckx, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 41 (8.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-008"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-008}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The current study is among the first to examine rank-order stability and mean-level change across college in both broad Big Five personality trait domains (eg, Neuroticism) and the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Facial expression predictions as drivers of social perception.}\line
L Chanes, JB Wormwood, N Betz, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 45 (9.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03405-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03405-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Emerging perspectives in neuroscience indicate that the brain functions predictively, constantly anticipating sensory input based on past experience. According to these \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Who's to blame? Dissimilarity as a cue in moral judgments of observed ostracism episodes.}\line
SC Rudert, D Sutter, VC Corrodi, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 44 (8.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-28950-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-28950-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When observing an ostracism episode, observers may wish to know whether ostracism is justified or not. If ostracism appears unjustified, observers will likely blame the sources and \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The interplay of personality and functional health in old and very old age: Dynamic within-person interrelations across up to 13 years.}\line
S Mueller, J Wagner, J Smith, MC Voelkle, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 47 (9.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/6/1127/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/6/1127/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Conceptual and empirical work has long suggested that personality and health are closely intertwined later in life. Little is known, however, about the nature and direction of time \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Motivation moderates the effects of social support visibility.}\line
KS Zee, JV Cavallo, AJ Flores, N Bolger, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (8.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03575-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-03575-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Social support can sometimes have negative consequences for recipients. One way of circumventing these negative effects is to provide support in an 'invisible'or indirect manner \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The negative consequences of maximizing in friendship selection.}\line
DB Newman, J Schug, M Yuki, J Yamada, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 44 (8.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08700-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-08700-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous studies have shown that the maximizing orientation, reflecting a motivation to select the best option among a given set of choices, is associated with various negative \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Parochial cooperation in nested intergroup dilemmas is reduced when it harms out-groups.}\line
H Aaldering, FS Ten Velden, GA van Kleef, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 43 (8.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-04443-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-04443-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In intergroup settings, humans often contribute to their in-group at a personal cost. Such parochial cooperation benefits the in-group and creates and fuels intergroup conflict when it \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Neural activity in the reward-related brain regions predicts implicit self-esteem: A novel validity test of psychological measures using neuroimaging.}\line
K Izuma, K Kennedy, A Fitzjohn, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 42 (8.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/3/343/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/3/343/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Self-esteem, arguably the most important attitudes an individual possesses, has been a premier research topic in psychology for more than a century. Following a surge of interest in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The art of influence: When and why deviant artists gain impact.}\line
E Stamkou, GA van Kleef, AC Homan (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 36 (7.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-006"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-006}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Some artists rise to fame, while others sink into oblivion. What determines whether artists make an impact? Considering deviance in its sociohistorical context, we propose that artists \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Feeling distressed from making decisions: Assessors' need to be right.}\line
CY Chen, M Rossignac-Milon, ... (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-05573-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-05573-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Our research posits that decision-making is particularly distressing for individuals with high assessment tendencies. Assessment involves truth concerns about making the \u8220?right\u8221? \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Income redistribution predicts greater life satisfaction across individual, national, and cultural characteristics.}\line
F Cheung (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 38 (7.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-33355-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-33355-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The widening income gap between the rich and the poor has important social implications. Governmental-level income redistribution through tax and welfare policies presents an \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Towards a deeper understanding of impression formation\u8212?New insights gained from a cognitive-ecological perspective.}\line
J Prager, JI Krueger, K Fiedler (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (6.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31268-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31268-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Impression formation is a basic module of fundamental research in social cognition, with broad implications for applied research on interpersonal relations, social attitudes \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Olfactory cues from romantic partners and strangers influence women's responses to stress.}\line
MK Hofer, HK Collins, AV Whillans, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 40 (8.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/1/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/1/1/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The scent of another person can activate memories, trigger emotions, and spark romantic attraction; however, almost nothing is known about whether and how human scents \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Individual differences in reliance on intuition predict harsher moral judgments.}\line
SJ Ward, LA King (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 38 (7.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/825/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/825/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The notion that intuition guides moral judgment is widely accepted. Yet, there is a dearth of research examining whether individual differences in reliance on intuition influence moral \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How interdependent are stay/leave decisions? On staying in the relationship for the sake of the romantic partner.}\line
S Joel, EA Impett, SS Spielmann, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 38 (7.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/5/805/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/5/805/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The decision to end a romantic relationship can have a life-changing impact on the partner as well as the self. Research on close relationships has thus far focused on self-interested \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b (Anti-) egalitarianism differentially predicts empathy for members of advantaged versus disadvantaged groups.}\line
BJ Lucas, NS Kteily (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 34 (6.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/665/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/665/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We explore the relationship between group-based egalitarianism and empathy for members of advantaged groups (eg, corporate executives; state officials) versus disadvantaged \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reciprocal support and daily perceived control: Developing a better understanding of daily support transactions across a major life transition.}\line
HS Ryon, MEJ Gleason (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 30 (6.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31349-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-31349-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A paradox of social support has been well documented: believing that support is available and perceiving high levels of it has well-established mental health benefits, but the actual \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The surprising costs of silence: Asymmetric preferences for prosocial lies of commission and omission.}\line
E Levine, J Hart, K Moore, E Rubin, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 39 (7.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-49273-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-49273-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract Across 7 experiments (N= 3883), we demonstrate that communicators and targets make egocentric moral judgments of deception. Specifically, communicators focus more on \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Modeling bivariate change in individual differences: Prospective associations between personality and life satisfaction.}\line
HO Hounkpatin, CJ Boyce, G Dunn, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 35 (7.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-40995-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-40995-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i A number of structural equation models have been developed to examine change in 1 variable or the longitudinal association between 2 variables. The most common of these are \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceived entitlement causes discrimination against attractive job candidates in the domain of relatively less desirable jobs.}\line
M Lee, M Pitesa, MM Pillutla, S Thau (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (6.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/3/422/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/3/422/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People generally hold positive stereotypes of physically attractive people and because of those stereotypes often treat them more favorably. However, we propose that some beliefs \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b In your eyes only? Discrepancies and agreement between self-and other-reports of personality from age 14 to 29.}\line
JM Rohrer, B Egloff, M Kosinski, D Stillwell, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (6.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-07265-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-07265-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Do others perceive the personality changes that take place between the ages of 14 and 29 in a similar fashion as the aging person him-or herself? This cross-sectional study analyzed \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does deciding among morally relevant options feel like making a choice? How morality constrains people's sense of choice.}\line
M Kouchaki, IH Smith, K Savani (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 31 (6.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35973-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35973-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We demonstrate that a difference exists between objectively having and psychologically perceiving multiple-choice options of a given decision, showing that morality serves as a \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Perceptions of romantic partners' responsiveness during a period of stressful uncertainty.}\line
MK Dooley, K Sweeny, JL Howell, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (5.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35079-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-35079-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Whether awaiting biopsy results, a grade on a midterm, or a decision from a journal editor, people feel distressed as they wait for uncertain news. In the present study, we investigated \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reconceptualizing Anxiety as a Continuum That Ranges From High Calmness to High Anxiety: The Joint Importance of Reducing Distress and Increasing Well-Being.}\line
AP Siddaway, PJ Taylor, AM Wood (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 32 (6.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09432-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-09432-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We first replicate a study by Vautier and Pohl (2009), who used the State\u8211?Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) to reexamine the structure of anxiety. Using two large samples (N= 4,138 \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Social decoys: Leveraging choice architecture to alter social preferences.}\line
LW Chang, M Cikara (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 29 (5.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34832-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many of society's most significant social decisions are made over sets of individuals: for example, evaluating a collection of job candidates when making a hiring decision. Rational \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Robust effects of affective person learning on evaluation of faces.}\line
SC Verosky, J Porter, JE Martinez, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 24 (4.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13651-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13651-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i People form impressions of others from multiple sources of information. Facial appearance is one such source and judgments based on facial appearance are made after minimal \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Can you get the magic back? The moderating effect of passion decay beliefs on relationship commitment.}\line
KL Carswell, EJ Finkel (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (4.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-46657-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-46657-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The present research introduces the construct of a decay theory of passion\u8212?a lay belief that romantic passion decline is irreversible\u8212?and investigates how this construct interacts with \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Prestige in a large-scale social group predicts longitudinal changes in testosterone.}\line
JT Cheng, O Kornienko, DA Granger (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 26 (5.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-22169-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-22169-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In many social species, organisms adaptively fine-tune their competitive behavior in response to previous experiences of social status: Individuals who have prevailed in the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Racialized images: Tracing appraisals of police force and protest.}\line
MA Reinka, CW Leach (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51567-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-51567-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i As race acts as a social frame of reference, it should guide individual's appraisal of visual representations of social events and issues. Thus, grounded in Scherer's (2009) model of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Goal versus trait explanations: Causal attributions beyond the trait-situation dichotomy.}\line
I Olcaysoy Okten, GB Moskowitz (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-53608-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-53608-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i In 4 studies, we show that two behavioral dimensions specified in Kelley's (1967) model of attribution, consistency and distinctiveness of behaviors, determine perceivers' likelihood to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The tolerance benefits of multicultural experiences depend on the perception of available mental resources.}\line
CT Tadmor, Y Hong, MM Chao, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (4.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34852-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-34852-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 115 (3) of Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (see record 2018-40364-001). In the article, the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Seeing more and eating less: Effects of portion size granularity on the perception and regulation of food consumption.}\line
NA Lewis Jr, A Earl (2018)\line
Journal of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 25 (5.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/786/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/114/5/786/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Overeating and resulting obesity is a public health concern in the United States, and portion size is a factor that contributes to these problems (Zlatevska, Dubelaar, &Holden, 2014) \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Sudden-death aversion: Avoiding superior options because they feel riskier.}\line
J Walker, JL Risen, T Gilovich, ... (2018)\line
Journal of personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 23 (4.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-01584-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-01584-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We present evidence of sudden-death aversion (SDA)\u8212?the tendency to avoid \u8220?fast\u8221? strategies that provide a greater chance of success, but include the possibility of immediate \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Decomposing the cross-sex misprediction bias of dating behaviors: Do men overestimate or women underreport their sexual intentions?}\line
I Engeler, P Raghubir (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 22 (4.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30260-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-30260-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Men typically predict women's sexual intentions to be higher than women say they are (Haselton &Buss, 2000). It is debated whether this cross-sex bias is because of men \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Imaginary alternatives: The effects of mental simulation on powerless negotiators.}\line
M Schaerer, M Schweinsberg, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 21 (4.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13326-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13326-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i This research demonstrates that people can act more powerfully without having power. Researchers and practitioners advise people to obtain alternatives in social exchange \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Re-examining dominance of categories in impression formation: A test of dual-process models.}\line
BM Monroe, BL Koenig, KS Wan, T Laine, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-28950-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-28950-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i We carried out tests of the first 2 premises of the Continuum Model (CM) of impression formation (Fiske &Neuberg, 1990). These premises predict that category information will in \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Naysaying and negativity promote initial power establishment and leadership endorsement.}\line
EY Chou (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 16 (3.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/4/638/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/4/638/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Conventional wisdom holds that leaders should behave in a supportive and positive manner. Yet the past decade has also seen a rise in naysayers' ascent to power. This \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The effects of paternal disengagement on women's perceptions of male mating intent.}\line
DJ DelPriore, R Proffitt Leyva, BJ Ellis, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 20 (4.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-47895-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-47895-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research demonstrates reliable associations between low paternal investment and daughters' precocious and risky sexual behavior. However, little is known about the \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Collective satiation: How coexperience accelerates a decline in hedonic judgments.}\line
RP Bhargave, NV Montgomery, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 18 (3.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13651-003"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-13651-003}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Individuals often mutually experience a stimulus with a relationship partner or social group (eg, snacking with friends). Yet, little is currently understood about how a sense of \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Does attachment anxiety promote the encoding of false memories? An investigation of the processes linking adult attachment to memory errors.}\line
NW Hudson, RC Fraley (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (2.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-45703-005"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-45703-005}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Previous research has suggested that people's attachment styles influence memory processes. Most of this work has focused on the encoding and retrieval of information about \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b How to give away your cake and eat it too: Relinquishing control prompts reciprocal generosity.}\line
M Kardas, A Shaw, EM Caruso (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 13 (2.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/6/1054/"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/115/6/1054/}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Many resource allocations confer two rewards, but these rewards typically work in opposition to one another: Reputational rewards come to those who give and material \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Eyes on the prize: The preference to invest resources in goals over means.}\line
F Shaddy, A Fishbach (2018)\line
\u8230? of personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (2.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-45703-002"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-45703-002}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Goal systems are hierarchical, often requiring people to invest resources vertically\u8212?both in lower-order means and higher-order goals. For example, a college student who wants to \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality and behavior prediction and consistency across cultures: A multimethod study of Blacks and Whites in South Africa.}\line
VH Fetvadjiev, D Meiring, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 17 (3.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-02061-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-02061-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The cross-cultural universality of behavior's consistency and predictability from personality, assumed in trait models though challenged in cultural psychological models, has usually \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b State-trait decomposition of Name Letter Test scores and relationships with global self-esteem.}\line
E Perinelli, G Alessandri, MB Donnellan, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? and Social Psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 14 (2.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-00748-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-00748-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Abstract The Name Letter Test (NLT) assesses the degree that participants show a preference for an individual's own initials. The NLT was often thought to measure implicit self \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Golden rules for engaging students in learning activities}\line
N Pino-James (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, bepart.platoniq.net, cited by 10 (2.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://bepart.platoniq.net/uploads/decidim/attachment/file/10/03._Golden_Rules_for_Engaging_Students_in_Learning_Activities.pdf"}{\fldrslt \ul https://bepart.platoniq.net/uploads/decidim/attachment/file/10/03._Golden_Rules_for_Engaging_Students_in_Learning_Activities.pdf}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i When we think of student engagement in learning activities, it is often convenient to understand engagement with an activity as being represented by good behavior (ie \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The waxing and waning of mnemic neglect.}\line
B Zengel, BM Wells, JJ Skowronski (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 8 (1.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-16714-004"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2018-16714-004}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i The mechanisms underlying mnemic neglect (MN) and the conditions under which it waxes and wanes are not yet fully understood. The research in this article examined conditions \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b The three kinds of people who live in the United States}\line
M Koren (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 5 (1.00 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Climate control: cultural predictors of social identity threat for women in engineering}\line
WM Hall, T Schmader, A Aday, M Inness, E Croft (2018)\line
\u8230? Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 4 (0.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Are personality traits and relationship characteristics reciprocally related in emerging adulthood? Longitudinal analyses of codevelopment in the transition \u8230?}\line
J Deventer, J Wagner, O L\'fcdtke, U Trautwein (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (0.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Personality development across the transition to retirement}\line
T Schwaba, W Bleidorn (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 3 (0.60 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Using relation-focused intervention to enhance the social emotional functioning of young children with autism}\line
M Gerald, F Perales (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Investigating the factors affecting work-life balance}\line
D Anderson (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, cited by 2 (0.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Interpersonal Emotion Regulation: Implications for Affiliation, Perceived Support, Relationships, and Well-Being (vol 115, pg 224, 2018)}\line
WC Williams, SA Morelli, ... (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Religion, repulsion, and reaction formation: Transforming repellent attractions and repulsions.}\line
D Cohen, E Kim, NW Hudson (2018)\line
\u8230? personality and social psychology, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 2 (0.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25568-001"}{\fldrslt \ul https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-25568-001}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Protestants were more likely than non-Protestants to demonstrate phenomena consistent with the use of reaction formation. Lab experiments showed that when manipulations were \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Developmental structure of personality and interests: A 4-wave, 8-year longitudinal study}\line
K Hoff, CQ Song, S Einarsd\'f3ttir, DA Briley, J Rounds (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and \u8230?, cited by 2 (0.40 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Anti-immigrant prejudice: Understanding the roles of (perceived) human values and value dissimilarity}\line
L Wolf, N Weinstein, G Maio (2018)\line
\u8230? of Personality \u8230?, American Psychological Association, cited by 1 (0.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Political Belief Scale}\line
D Webber, M Babush, N Schori-Eyal, ... (2018)\line
Journal of Personality \u8230?, psycnet.apa.org, cited by 1 (0.20 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1037/t65993-000"}{\fldrslt \ul https://doi.org/10.1037/t65993-000}}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\i Developed in a study that examined the hypothesis that loss of personal significance fuels extremism via the need for cognitive closure, the Political Belief Scale (Webber et al., 2018) \u8230?}\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Facing Humanness: Facial Width-to-Height Ratio Predicts Ascriptions of Humanity (vol 114, pg 75, 2017)}\line
JC Deska, EP Lloyd, ... (2018)\line
JOURNAL OF \u8230?, AMER PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOC \u8230?\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b Reducing mortality}\line
WHO Newborns (2018)\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology [Internet], cited by 29 (5.80 per year)\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 -----\par}
{\s0\fs24\sa120 {\b A New, Better BET: Rescuing Basic Emotion Theory}\line
DD Hutto, I Robertson, MD Kirchhoff\line
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology\par}
}
